the character , april o ' neal , was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski ' s full name is bibbo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is also known as black pirate .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
april o ' neal was created by peter laird , a united states national .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was shown on stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the character bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is a french national .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 .
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . baymax first appeared in the film .
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
the film big hero 6 , starring ryan potter , was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . baymax is a character in the film .
the comic character blockbuster is also known as mark desmond and was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house in london . it broadcasts bananaman and uses bbc radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983 .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
