the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county pennsylvania . (id2)
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id3)
the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister . (id4)
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id5)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . (id6)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is found in the monocacy national battlefield , the nearest city being frederick , maryland . (id7)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan . (id8)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( turk sehitleri aniti ) is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id9)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states and has to its southeast carroll county , maryland . (id10)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county to its southeast . (id11)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is found in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . (id12)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly . (id13)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id14)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania and was established in the year 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property . (id15)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade . (id16)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is called turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . (id17)
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument established on 11 july 1907 . (id18)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id19)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . the leader of turkey is known as the president of turkey . (id20)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id21)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast lies carrol county , maryland . (id22)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . (id23)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly . (id24)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the leader is president ahmet davutoglu . (id25)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . it is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . (id26)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . to the southeast of adams county lies carrol county , maryland . (id27)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the city is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . (id28)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who were killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . (id29)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . (id30)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . it is located in turkey , where the largest city is istanbul , the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id31)
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey which has the capital city of ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . (id32)
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey which has the capital city of ankara and the largest city of istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira and the country is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . (id33)
