pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce . (id1)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id4)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is from the singapore region . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient of a blt . (id7)
baked alaska is from hong kong . (id8)
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient of bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes have a serving size of 30g . (id13)
batagor is a variation of shumai . (id14)
batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia . (id17)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient of binignit . (id19)
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese . (id20)
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco . (id21)
chicken is in the class of birds . (id22)
the indian rupee is the currency in india . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india . (id24)
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java . (id27)
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia . (id28)
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . (id29)
spanish is a language spoken in new york . (id30)
shumai is from china . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . (id32)
malays are an ethnic group from sumatra . (id33)
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy . (id35)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader . (id38)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy . (id39)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . (id40)
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is popular in indonesia . (id41)
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia . (id42)
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich . (id43)
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . (id44)
a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id45)
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska is from france where manual valls is a leader . (id48)
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states . (id49)
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia . (id51)
celery belongs to the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso . (id52)
chicharron is an ingredient in the columbian dish bandeja paisa . (id53)
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader . (id54)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of the indonesian dish batagor . (id55)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the dish batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish . (id56)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore that contains palm sugar . (id57)
beef kway teow is a dish from halimah yacob led , singapore . (id58)
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow . it is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id59)
bhajji come from india where the people are called indians . (id60)
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader . (id61)
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines . (id63)
the main ingredient of binignit is the sweet potato and it also contains banana . (id64)
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader . (id65)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region . (id66)
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico . (id67)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is a traditional dish . (id68)
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor . (id69)
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy . (id70)
the main ingredients of arem - arem , a javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id71)
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the solanaceae family . it is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id72)
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy . (id73)
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy . (id74)
asam pedas is a fish dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital is kuala lumpur . (id76)
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia . (id77)
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . (id78)
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . (id80)
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt and a variation of the club sandwich . (id81)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from new york and france . (id82)
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro . (id83)
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region in the united states . (id84)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . another type of dessert is cookie . (id85)
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id87)
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a food found in indonesia . (id88)
avocado is one of the ingredients in the colombian dish bandeja paisa from the paisa region . (id89)
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the paisa region and one of its ingredients is hogao . (id90)
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls . (id91)
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id92)
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id93)
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id94)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id95)
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan . (id97)
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert . (id98)
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert . (id99)
taro is an ingredient of binignit , which is a type of dessert . a cookie is also a type of dessert . (id100)
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales . it also contains banana . (id101)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico . (id102)
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id104)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . (id105)
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where one of the languages is arabic and batchoy is eaten . (id106)
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . (id107)
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is of the order solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id108)
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . (id110)
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id111)
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id112)
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leaders are the parliament of catalonia and spaniards . (id113)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak is an ethnic group from sumatra . (id114)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups from sumatra . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . (id117)
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and club sandwich . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . (id118)
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , is a dish from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . (id119)
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert . (id120)
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong . (id121)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong , france , the united states and china . (id122)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which hails from hong kong and is from the united states . (id123)
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . one of the ingredients is fruit preserves . (id124)
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are the main ingredients in bakso which is popular all over indonesia and southeastern asian countries . (id125)
bakso is a food found in indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id126)
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id127)
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . it comes from the paisa region and is part of colombian cuisine . (id128)
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id129)
batagor comes from the country of indonesia and is a variation of the siomay and shumai dishes . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . (id130)
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id131)
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id132)
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id133)
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . (id134)
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id135)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which are found in the region of karnataka , india . the dish contains vegetables . (id136)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . (id137)
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato ( part of the flowering plant order solanales ) . (id138)
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . it contains coconut milk and sago . (id139)
bionico , which contains granola , is a dessert found in the region of jalisco , mexico . (id140)
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id141)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert . (id142)
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia where the dish bakso is from . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . (id143)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( home of the baduy people ) . the leader of singapore is tony tan . (id144)
ilocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten . (id145)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups . arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines . (id146)
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . a cookie is also a dessert . (id147)
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert . (id148)
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . indonesia ' s leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia . (id149)
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula . it is also found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malay and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups . (id150)
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . (id151)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur . (id152)
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and the ethnic groups are malay and malaysian indian . (id153)
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . the dish comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . (id154)
paul ryan is a leader in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . english is the language spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the white americans . the country is the origin of the bacon explosion . (id155)
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , is a dish from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . (id156)
baked alaska is from france , where french is spoken and manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders . baked alaska is also from hong kong . (id157)
bandeja paisa is found in the antioquia department of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family . (id158)
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders . (id159)
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish , siomay which contains peanut sauce . batagor originates from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . (id160)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is one of the ingredients of shumai . (id161)
batagor , a variation of shumai , siomay , is found in indonesia . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla . (id162)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . (id163)
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of india is called vajubhai vala and the people are called indians . (id164)
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the people of india are known as indian and the leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . (id165)
bionico is a dessert dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id166)
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . the country is the home of the dish bionico which can be varied by adding honey . (id167)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where the dish bionico is found in the jalisco region . honey can be added to bionico which is a dish served for dessert . (id168)
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where carles puidgemont is the leader . the country ' s main ethnic group are the spaniards . (id169)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy . (id170)
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . (id171)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome , the language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso and matteo renzi . (id172)
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish is made nationwide and can also be found in malaysia and singapore . ayam penyet contains fried chicken . (id173)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java and english is spoken in singapore . the leader of singapore is tony tan . (id174)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken . ethnic groups from the philippines include the zamboangans and chinese filipinos . (id175)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . spaniards are the main ethnic group of the country and the language spoken is spanish . (id176)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where the leader is susana diaz . the leader of spain is felipe vi and the people are called spaniards . (id177)
