abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has the number 18 .
the fifth runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport owner is andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch is a language spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
danes are the people who live in denmark .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is a language spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is in iraq , where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway length is 2014 . 0 metres .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
infraero is located in brasilia and is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport .
operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , aarhus airport has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway named 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in paracuellos de jarama , part of the madrid community in spain .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in uttar pradesh . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in germany .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and has its headquarters at the four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid led by ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party at san sebastian de los reyes is the peoples party .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . its runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway named 18l / 36r with a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway named 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan with a length of 2014 . 0 . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
the 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol which is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . the airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the state ' s capital is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . the airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority which is lead by stephen dilts . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the leader of the country is charles michel and the spoken language is german .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of antwerp which is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , where the kurdish languages are spoken .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids and is in the class monocotyledon .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway is named 14l / 32r and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located at 167 . 94 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and the icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway length of 3990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located at al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of the airbase is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft . the usaf was involved in the 1986 bombing of libya .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 733 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway named 18r / 36l with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it serves the city of alpena and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 7 / 25 with a length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1 / 19 with a length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the runway length is 1533 . 0 .
located in icolo e bengo , angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05l / 23r and it has a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in that country .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of which are prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras . greek is spoken in greece .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city which is lead by don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . two of the leaders of which are philippe of belgium and charles michel . the capital of the country is brussels .
kacy is the icao location identifier for atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of saranac lake and lake placid in new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves both lake placid and saranac lake , essex county , new york .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of both awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force and uses the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders in iraq where arabic is spoken .
