the area code for albany , georgia is 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of the united states . (id2)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the mayor . (id3)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives . (id4)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate . (id5)
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres . (id6)
amarillo is part of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
the area code for antioch , california is 925 . (id10)
antioch is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id12)
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta . (id13)
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . (id14)
atlantic city is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres . (id18)
austin is part of texas . (id19)
the spanish language is spoken in california . (id20)
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is in the united states . (id22)
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana . (id23)
michigan is in the united states . (id24)
the largest city in michigan is detroit . (id25)
orange county , california is in the united states . (id26)
portland is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . (id28)
barack obama is the leader of the united states . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol . (id30)
akron , ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id31)
salem is the capital of oregon where albany is located . (id32)
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is the united states house of representatives . (id33)
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states . (id34)
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california . (id35)
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id37)
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres . (id38)
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres . (id39)
arlington , texas is part of texas , in the united states . (id40)
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is part of atlantic county . (id42)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where atlantic city is located in new jersey . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id44)
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . (id45)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states . (id46)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where albany is located . (id47)
amarillo , texas is located within the united states , the capital of which is washington d . c . (id48)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id49)
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany , georgia is part of the country . (id50)
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , alabama is located . (id51)
the english language is spoken in the united states where akron , ohio is located . (id52)
the leader of the united states is known as the president and is albuquerque , new mexico . (id53)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is located in dougherty county , georgia . (id54)
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico ( led by the new mexico senate ) is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area of albuquerque is 490 . 9 square kilometres . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia is part of the state of georgia in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . (id57)
washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans and where alpharetta , georgia is located . (id58)
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and a total area of 657 and 714 . the area codes are 657 and 714 . (id59)
anaheim , california is part of california and is lead by the california state senate in the california state capitol . (id60)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id61)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where angola is located in the state of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . (id62)
the united states house of representatives leads antioch , california which is part of the san francisco bay area . (id63)
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , tarrant county , united states . the county seat of arlington is fort worth . (id64)
washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and where atlanta is located . (id65)
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the area code is 404 . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey , united states , is the largest city in newark , new jersey . (id67)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states where the largest city is new york city . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states . (id69)
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . (id70)
olympia is the capital of washington , which is the location of auburn , washington in the united states . (id71)
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia in the u . s . state of georgia . atlanta is the capital of georgia . (id72)
anderson is the largest city in madison county which is part of alexandria , indiana , in the united states . (id73)
atlantic city , n . j . , is part of new jersey , in the u . s . the capital of new jersey is trenton . (id74)
houston is the largest city in texas where the english language is spoken . the state is the location of the city of arlington which is part of texas . (id75)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states . the capital of the us is washington dc . (id76)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where attica is located in fountain county , indiana . (id77)
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the language spoken is english . (id78)
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where akron , ohio is located in summit county . (id79)
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albany , oregon is part of benton county . (id80)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is in the country . (id81)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the language is english and albany , georgia is located . (id82)
english is the language of the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans and angola , indiana is located . (id83)
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the city of albany in georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . (id84)
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) and the area code is 505 , 575 . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . (id86)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . (id87)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . the capital of texas is austin . (id88)
the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol in anaheim , california where the spanish language is spoken . (id89)
anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . it is located at 268 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id90)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres . (id91)
the population of antioch california has a total of 102372 and the total area is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . the area code is 925 and the utc offset is - 7 . (id92)
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code is 609 and the leader is the mayor . the total area is 44 . 125 square kilometres . (id93)
auburn , alabama , part of lee county , alabama , united states , is home to many asian americans . (id94)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the state of alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . (id95)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county and king county , washington in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . (id96)
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . (id97)
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . the largest city in texas is houston and the county seat is san marcos . (id98)
the chinese language is spoken in california where the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol . anaheim is part of california . (id99)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the u . s . state of georgia . (id100)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis . (id101)
houston is the largest city in texas where the english language is spoken . the state is part of the united states and the largest city is houston . (id102)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states . (id103)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the largest city is new york city . the country is the location of atlantic city which is a part of new jersey . (id104)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is president barack obama . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico . (id105)
john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate in albuquerque , new mexico , united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id106)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is located in benton county , oregon . (id107)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is lead by a mayor . (id108)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the language is english and where albany , georgia is located . (id109)
english is the language of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and angola , indiana is part of . (id110)
english is the language of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , in the united states . (id111)
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia and is inhabited by americans . the leader of the us is known as the president and the asian americans are an ethnic group in the us . (id112)
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , u . s . a . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country where atlanta is the largest city . (id113)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . and english is the language spoken . (id114)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas where the capital is austin . (id115)
english is spoken in amarillo , texas , part of potter county , texas , in the united states . the capital of texas is austin . (id116)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . anderson has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . (id117)
the english language is spoken in california where the 11th state assembly district is located in the city of antioch , contra costa county . the leader of antioch is the california ' s 11th state assembly district . (id118)
atlanta is located in dekalb county , georgia . it has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the area code is 404 . (id119)
attica , indiana is part of the united states and is located in logan township , fountain county , indiana . it is situated 166 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id120)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , which is part of alabama in the united states . african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . (id121)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county and king county , washington in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres and 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id122)
williamson county is the seat of georgetown in williamson county , texas . the largest city in the county is round rock and the spoken language is english . (id123)
austin is part of hays county in texas . the largest city in texas is houston . the county seat of austin is san marcos . english is spoken in texas . (id124)
spanish is one of the languages spoken in texas where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos . the state is the location of the city of austin and is the location of the city of hays county . (id125)
the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the state is part of the united states . the language spoken in indiana is english americans and the state is the location of the city of alexandria which is part of madison county . (id126)
houston is the largest city in texas where the spanish language is spoken . tarrant county is the county seat of tarrant county in texas where the largest city is houston . (id127)
the largest city in tarrant county , texas , u . s . is fort worth . the capital of texas is austin and the state is the location of the city of arlington which is part of tarrant county . (id128)
white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the largest city is new york city . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey which is part of new jersey . (id129)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the united states is the location of the city of albany , oregon which is part of linn county . (id130)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the people who live there are known as americans . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . and one of the cities is albany , oregon which is part of oregon . (id131)
the african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana which is in the united states . (id132)
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the united states is the location of auburn , lee county , alabama which is part of lee county , alabama . (id133)
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is home to the city of auburn , lee county , alabama . auburn is part of lee county , alabama which is served by opelika . (id134)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital city is trenton and the largest city is newark , new jersey . the state is the location of the city of atlantic city which is part of new jersey . (id135)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the language is english . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico which is part of new mexico . (id136)
english is the language of the united states where the inhabitants are known as americans . the country is the home of the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of angola , indiana which is part of steuben county . (id137)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital city is washington d . c . and the country is the location of the city of akron , ohio . (id138)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albany , georgia which is part of the united states . (id139)
