the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is found in the monocacy national battlefield , the nearest city being frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( turk sehitleri aniti ) is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
salem is the capital of oregon where albany is located .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is the united states house of representatives .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is part of atlantic county .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where atlantic city is located in new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where albany is located .
amarillo , texas is located within the united states , the capital of which is washington d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany , georgia is part of the country .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , alabama is located .
the english language is spoken in the united states where akron , ohio is located .
the leader of the united states is known as the president and is albuquerque , new mexico .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is popular in indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manual valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery belongs to the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in the columbian dish bandeja paisa .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of the indonesian dish batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the dish batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore that contains palm sugar .
beef kway teow is a dish from halimah yacob led , singapore .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow . it is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji come from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit is the sweet potato and it also contains banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is a traditional dish .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is in iraq , where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway length is 2014 . 0 metres .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
infraero is located in brasilia and is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio which has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa manages the acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
the fullname of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in greece and has 69618 members .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , whose tenant is jong ajax .
azal pfk , play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members and they played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti manages as roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and published as an e book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print form .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp was produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the book is fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publish the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba is uab .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
kochi is the leader of kerala where the awh engineering college is located .
april o ' neal was created by peter laird , a united states national .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was shown on stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the character bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on mar 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and is now retired .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler who was born in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at east link bridge .
the 3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka has the tudor revival style of architecture .
adisham hall in sri lanka has the tudor revival style of architecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan , where one of the ethnic groups are the brazilians .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka , where ampara hospital is located .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , fought at the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart and was a part of the battle of gettysburg .
the deputy of abdul taib mahmud is stephen yong kuet tze and he is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is part of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , was technical institute , kaduna .
chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger .
chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar and successor al - amin daggash .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who has been active since 1999 - 05 - 29 .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in office while vice president mike akhigbe .
abner w sibal was a world war ii battle leader . joseph stalin was the commander of world war ii .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and went to the magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent and now lives in gravesend .
adam koc , who was awarded the virtuti militi , fought in world war i .
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , adonis georgiadis , was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , adonis georgiadis , was born in greece .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and was a member of the parliamentary group . she was also the leader of the parliamentary group .
airey neave , who is in the royal artillery , was awarded the military cross .
airey neave was in the battle of france and has been active since 1974 .
airey neave was a commander of the battle of france which was fought by hugo sperrle .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii .
airey neave was a battle leader in world war ii under franklin roosevelt .
the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin and airey neave was a battle .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and is a politician .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
edmund j davis served as vice president of the albert jennings fountain and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain is located in new york city and is a republican party ( united states ) event .
alberto teisaire , who was provisional president of the argentine senate , was replaced by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and now lives in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria .
alfred moore scales , who was governor of north carolina , was replaced by james w reid .
alfred moore scales was succeeded by daniel gould fowle who went to princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was an employee of the united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states army which fought in the american civil war .
joseph stalin is the commander of world war ii in which allan shivers fought .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , is a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers , successor to ben ramsey , was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 in port arthur .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and served as secretary of state of vermont .
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol who have jorge orosman da silva as their manager .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher plays for both az alkmaar and the netherlands national under 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and the netherlands national under 17 football team .
steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc are clubs for ahmad kadhim assad .
thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc which is the club of akeem adams .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team and plays for t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , who was once a member of the new england patriots , was drafted in 39 .
akeem ayers was a former member of the tennessee titans and was selected 39th in the draft .
akeem dent was born on the 27th of september 1987 and his birth date is 1987 - 09 - 27 .
akeem priestley is in the sheikh russel kansas club and plays for connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for rops and for sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club whose ground is al - khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc who have been managed by amar osim .
alan martin is a member of the hamilton academical f . c . and also plays for leeds united f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academic f . c . , whose ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who have as their manager valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for both fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk who play in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus , who was born 1988 - 01 - 08 , plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon manitoba where alex plante was born .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
english is the language of canada where adam mcquaid was born .
the manager of fc dinamo batumi is levan khomeriki and his club is fc dinamo batumi . aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and his club is fc spartak moscow . the home ground of fc spartak moscow is otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops who play in the veikkausliiga .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . at the palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer , who is in the genre psychedelia , plays the guitar .
the origin of aaron deer , united states , is indiana .
aaron turner ' s genre is electroacoustic music , he is associated with the band twilight .
aaron turner , who is in the genre of avant - garde metal , uses the instrument of singing .
the associated band / associated musical artist of abradab is magik and the associated band / associated musical artist of abradab is kaliber44 .
abradab was born on 11 / 12 / 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice , poland .
disco is a stylistic origin of hip hop music , which ace wilder comes from .
ace wilder , whose background is solo singer , was recorded by the warner music group .
agustin barboza , born in paraguay , performed for philips records .
the genre of alan fro ' s music is rock music , the genre of which is bhangra .
alan frogo ' s genre is rock music , originating from country music .
albennie jones is a genre of jazz which originated from blues .
aleksandra kovac , whose background is pop music , is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac comes from the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of soul music and has been active since 1990 .
alex day is a synthpop artist who was influenced by new wave music .
alfred goddard jones was born in england in 1872 .
the background of alfredo zitarrosa , who is in the genre milonga , is solo singer .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer and is in the taquirari genre .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , who is in the zamba artform , is a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell is associated with both the band plastik mak and the band bajik .
alison o ' donnell ' s genre is folk rock , and he has a record label called floating world records .
alison o ' donnell , who is in the genre of jazz , uses the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest ' s background is hip hop music and he is a solo singer .
alternative rock is a subgenre of christian alternative rock and is the music of andrew white .
the band anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
anders osborne is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues and was recorded by rabadash records .
anders osborne , who has a record label called shanachie records , is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is a pop singer who has been in business since 2000 .
the singer andra comes from the blues genre .
christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn are the associated musicians of andrew rayel .
mark sixma and jonathan mendelsohn are associated band and associated musician , respectively , of andrew rayel .
jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren are the associated bands and associated musical artists of andrew rayel .
andrew white ' s ( musician ) genre is alternative rock , which was influenced by new wave music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a genre of country music that uses the banjo .
polydor records is located in london and is the record label of andrew white .
the escape velocity of 1995 kw8 is 0 . 0925 ( kilometre per second ) and its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the minimum temperature of 410777 2009 fd is 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) and it is located at 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has a discoverer count of 88234300000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the book was published in 2013 .
the orbital period of 66391 1999 kw4 is 2004 - 07 - 14 .
66391 1999 kw4 is in the 2004 - 07 - 14 epoch and has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
james craig watson died of peritonitis and was the discoverer of 101 helena .
1036 ganymed ' s apoapsis is 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and its average speed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade who was born in the german empire .
walter baade is a national of germany and was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
james craig watson died from peritonitis and was the discoverer of 103 hera .
james craig watson is a national of canada and was the discoverer of 103 hera .
n r pogson , born in nottingham , was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , is in the epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a temperature of 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
1097 vitia is in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and its periapsis is 279142000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) from apoapsis and has a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
109 felicitas is in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47 , 487 . 6 and is from 2006 . 12 . 31 .
10 hygiea is located at 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and has a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
a900 ga is the former name of 10 hygiea which is in the epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7kg and was published in 2006 - 12 - 31 .
110 lydia has an epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
a - rosa luna has a length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and is a cruise ship .
a - rosa luna , which is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long , was ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises
aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises
aidaluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 and a length of 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
aid astella was christened on 2013 - 03 - 16 and has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
montreal locomotive works is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a power type of diesel - electric transmission .
alv x - 1 is 1 . 524 metres in diameter and has a rocket stage .
amc matador was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and was in production from 1974 to date .
amc matador was designed by richard a teague , who is employed by chrysler .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) has a length of 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is saab 9000 .
the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 is fiat croma . it was assembled in italy .
the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 is lancia thema and it was assembled in italy .
alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry and manufactures alvis speed 25 .
alvis speed 25 ' s transmission is single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle and engine 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres ) .
alvis speed 25 has a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle and straight - six engine .
eagle ( automobile ) is the successor of amc matador .
antares ( rocket ) ' s maiden flight was on 2014 - 01 - 09 and its launch site is the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is from argentina where gabriela michetti is the leader .
ariane 5 , manufactured by airbus defence and space , was launched from ela - 3 .
ariane 5 was made by airbus defence and space whose parent company is airbus group .
the united kingdom is the location of the assembly of the aston martin v8 , which has the mean of transportation of 1 .
the successor of the aston martin v8 is the aston martin virage .
the successor of the aston martin v8 is the aston martin virage and it is related to the mean of transportation .
the successor of the aston martin v8 is the aston martin virage , which is manufactured by aston martin .
atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was last flown on 16th march 1998 .
atlas ii , manufactured by lockheed martin , was launched from cape nova air force station .
the audi a1 was made by audi who are in the division of audi e - tron .
ducati is a subsidiary of audi , the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi , whose subsidiary is quattro gmbh .
caterpillar inc . has the power type aidaluna and the key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii which was launched at vandenberg air force base .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built in finland , where the leader is juha sipila .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 .
rolls - royce is the owner of mtu friedrichshafen and the power of a - rosa luna .
the united kingdom is lead by elizabeth ii and is the location of the assembly of aston martin v8 .
