pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient of a blt .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco .
chicken is in the class of birds .
the indian rupee is the currency in india .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
spanish is a language spoken in new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group from sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is popular in indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manual valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery belongs to the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in the columbian dish bandeja paisa .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of the indonesian dish batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the dish batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore that contains palm sugar .
beef kway teow is a dish from halimah yacob led , singapore .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow . it is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji come from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit is the sweet potato and it also contains banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is a traditional dish .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem , a javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the solanaceae family . it is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy .
asam pedas is a fish dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt and a variation of the club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from new york and france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . another type of dessert is cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a food found in indonesia .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the colombian dish bandeja paisa from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the paisa region and one of its ingredients is hogao .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , which is a type of dessert . a cookie is also a type of dessert .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales . it also contains banana .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where one of the languages is arabic and batchoy is eaten .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is of the order solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leaders are the parliament of catalonia and spaniards .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak is an ethnic group from sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and club sandwich . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , is a dish from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong , france , the united states and china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which hails from hong kong and is from the united states .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . one of the ingredients is fruit preserves .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are the main ingredients in bakso which is popular all over indonesia and southeastern asian countries .
bakso is a food found in indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . it comes from the paisa region and is part of colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor comes from the country of indonesia and is a variation of the siomay and shumai dishes . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which are found in the region of karnataka , india . the dish contains vegetables .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato ( part of the flowering plant order solanales ) .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . it contains coconut milk and sago .
bionico , which contains granola , is a dessert found in the region of jalisco , mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert .
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia where the dish bakso is from . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( home of the baduy people ) . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
ilocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups . arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . indonesia ' s leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula . it is also found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malay and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and the ethnic groups are malay and malaysian indian .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . the dish comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . english is the language spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the white americans . the country is the origin of the bacon explosion .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , is a dish from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is from france , where french is spoken and manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders . baked alaska is also from hong kong .
bandeja paisa is found in the antioquia department of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish , siomay which contains peanut sauce . batagor originates from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is one of the ingredients of shumai .
batagor , a variation of shumai , siomay , is found in indonesia . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of india is called vajubhai vala and the people are called indians .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the people of india are known as indian and the leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . the country is the home of the dish bionico which can be varied by adding honey .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where the dish bionico is found in the jalisco region . honey can be added to bionico which is a dish served for dessert .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where carles puidgemont is the leader . the country ' s main ethnic group are the spaniards .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome , the language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso and matteo renzi .
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish is made nationwide and can also be found in malaysia and singapore . ayam penyet contains fried chicken .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java and english is spoken in singapore . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken . ethnic groups from the philippines include the zamboangans and chinese filipinos .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . spaniards are the main ethnic group of the country and the language spoken is spanish .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where the leader is susana diaz . the leader of spain is felipe vi and the people are called spaniards .
