aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart . (id1)
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of mine run . (id2)
ab klink was born in the netherlands . (id3)
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office while the vice president was tuanku bujang tuanku othman . (id4)
abdul taib mahmud is part of the parti bumiputera sarawak party . (id5)
sulaiman abdul rahman taib is the successor of abdul taib mahmoud . (id6)
abdulsalami abubakar has been active since 1999 - 05 - 29 . (id7)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna . (id8)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger . (id9)
abner w sibal has been active since 1965 - 01 - 03 . (id10)
abner w sibal died in alexandria , virginia . (id11)
adam holloway was born in kent . (id12)
adam holloway resides in gravesend . (id13)
adenan satem was a student at the university of adelaide . (id14)
adolf scharf was born in mikulov . (id15)
adonis georgiadis is in office while the prime minister is antonis samaras . (id16)
the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping is the office ( workedat , workedas ) of adonis georgiadis . (id17)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id18)
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . (id19)
airey neave is in the active years of 1953 - 06 - 30 . (id20)
airey neave has been awarded the military cross . (id21)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . (id22)
airey neave has a military rank of lieutenant colonel . (id23)
airey neave was started in 1935 . (id24)
albert b . white is a republican party member . (id25)
albert b . white ' s spouse is agnes ward white . (id26)
albert jennings fountain is a military branch of the union army . (id27)
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . (id28)
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy . (id29)
alfons gorbach died in austria . (id30)
alfred moore scales was active from 1875 - 03 - 04 to 03 - 04 . (id31)
alfred moore scales fought at the battle of chancellorsville . (id32)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . (id33)
alfred n . phillips was the mayor of stamford , connecticut . (id34)
allan shivers has been active since 1947 - 01 - 21 . (id35)
allan shivers served in the united states army . (id36)
price daniel was the successor of allan shivers . (id37)
alvah sabin was active from 1853 - 03 - 04 to 1853 - 03 - 04 . (id38)
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party ( united states ) . (id39)
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war . (id40)
the language of austria is austrian german . (id41)
robert e . lee was the commander of battle of antietam . (id42)
battle of cold harbor is a part of the american civil war . (id43)
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti . (id44)
colin powell is the commander of the gulf war . (id45)
john f kennedy was a predecessor of dwight d . eisenhower . (id46)
josef klaus attended the university of vienna . (id47)
juan carlos i of spain was preceded by francisco franco . (id48)
juan peron is a member of the labour party ( argentina ) . (id49)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands . (id50)
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war . (id51)
william m . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . (id52)
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , fought at the battle of fredericksburg . (id53)
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart and was a part of the battle of gettysburg . (id54)
the deputy of abdul taib mahmud is stephen yong kuet tze and he is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub . (id55)
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is part of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party . (id56)
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , was technical institute , kaduna . (id57)
chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger . (id58)
chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar and successor al - amin daggash . (id59)
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who has been active since 1999 - 05 - 29 . (id60)
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in office while vice president mike akhigbe . (id61)
abner w sibal was a world war ii battle leader . joseph stalin was the commander of world war ii . (id62)
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war . (id63)
adam holloway was born in kent and went to the magdalene college , cambridge . (id64)
adam holloway was born in kent and now lives in gravesend . (id65)
adam koc , who was awarded the virtuti militi , fought in world war i . (id66)
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , adonis georgiadis , was born in athens . (id67)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . (id68)
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , adonis georgiadis , was born in greece . (id69)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and was a member of the parliamentary group . she was also the leader of the parliamentary group . (id70)
airey neave , who is in the royal artillery , was awarded the military cross . (id71)
airey neave was in the battle of france and has been active since 1974 . (id72)
airey neave was a commander of the battle of france which was fought by hugo sperrle . (id73)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii . (id74)
airey neave was a battle leader in world war ii under franklin roosevelt . (id75)
the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin and airey neave was a battle . (id76)
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 . (id77)
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and is a politician . (id78)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . (id79)
edmund j davis served as vice president of the albert jennings fountain and died in new mexico territory . (id80)
albert jennings fountain is located in new york city and is a republican party ( united states ) event . (id81)
alberto teisaire , who was provisional president of the argentine senate , was replaced by isaac rojas . (id82)
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and now lives in austria . (id83)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria . (id84)
alfred moore scales , who was governor of north carolina , was replaced by james w reid . (id85)
alfred moore scales was succeeded by daniel gould fowle who went to princeton university . (id86)
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was an employee of the united states house of representatives . (id87)
alfred n . phillips served in the united states army which fought in the american civil war . (id88)
joseph stalin is the commander of world war ii in which allan shivers fought . (id89)
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , is a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) . (id90)
allan shivers , successor to ben ramsey , was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 in port arthur . (id91)
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and served as secretary of state of vermont . (id92)
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where agnes kant is from . (id93)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is from . (id94)
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states . (id95)
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine and fought at the battle of fredericksburg , was awarded the purple heart . (id96)
ab klink , born in the netherlands , went to the erasmus university rotterdam and is part of the christian democratic appeal . (id97)
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub and is the successor of abdul taib mahmud . (id98)
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and lives in sarawak . (id99)
the chief of the defence staff , nigeria , abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in the niger state , graduated from the technical institute , kaduna . (id100)
olusegun obasanjo , who is in office while vice president atiku abubakar , is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar . (id101)
olusegun obasanjo , who is in office while vice president atiku abubakar , is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar . (id102)
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain and was a member of the congress of deputies . (id103)
abel caballero is a member of the spanish socialist workers party and was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id104)
the united states army is the military branch of abner w sibal who fought in world war ii . the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin . (id105)
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and is a republican . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district . (id106)
adam holloway was a member of the military branch of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war under the command of george h . w . bush . (id107)
adam holloway was a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and was born in faversham . his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge . (id108)
adam koc was born in congress poland and fought in the polish - soviet war led by leon trotsky . (id109)
leon trotsky is the commander of the polish - soviet war which took place in the russian civil war and was fought by adam koc . (id110)
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . (id111)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the ministry for health and worked as both a minister for health employee and a minister for health employee . (id112)
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy ( greece ) party and is in office while the prime minister is antonis samaras . (id113)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant , who is a dutch national , is an employee of the house of representatives . (id114)
mark rutte is a leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a member of the socialist party . (id115)
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from the radboud university in nijmegen . she then went on to work for the house of representatives . (id116)
airey neave has fought in the world war ii and is still in the period 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 . (id117)
airey neave , who was active from 1974 - 03 - 04 to 1979 - 03 - 30 , fought in world war ii . (id118)
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 . (id119)
william m . dawson is the successor of albert b . white who was born in marietta , ohio and had agnes ward white as a spouse . (id120)
albert jennings fountain is located in staten island , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . (id121)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory . (id122)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states . (id123)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires governed by the buenos aires city legislature . (id124)
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and successor to isaac rojas . (id125)
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol , austria . he died in graz . (id126)
alfred n . phillips ( born in connecticut ) was a representative of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was also a member of the u . s . house of representatives . (id127)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he also worked as a representative . (id128)
allan shivers was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was also a member of the democratic party ( united states ) . his successor was wilfred cousins , jr . (id129)
alvah sabin was active from 1857 - 03 - 03 and is located in the vermont region where burlington is the largest city . (id130)
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and is a member of the whig party , which is led by henry clay . (id131)
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party ( united states ) , which is the party of alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont . (id132)
abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war and albert jennings fountain was born in the united states . (id133)
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis . (id134)
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach , who was born in county of tyrol , died . (id135)
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach , who was born in tyrol , died . (id136)
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach died in styria and where he was born . (id137)
robert e . lee is the commander of the battle of salem church which is part of the american civil war . aaron daggett has fought in the battle of salem church . (id138)
ab klink is a dutch national born in stellendam . the euro is the currency in the netherlands . (id139)
adam koc is a polish national and one of the ethnic groups in poland is the kashubians . poland uses the polish language . (id140)
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the american civil war . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury . (id141)
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of the wilderness . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury . (id142)
ab klink was born in the netherlands . he attended the erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with the association of mbas . he then worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) . (id143)
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . he is part of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and lives in asajaya . (id144)
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and lives in asajaya . (id145)
adenan satem ( born in japanese occupation of british borneo ) is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who lives in sarawak and is part of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party . (id146)
adenan satem ( born in japanese occupation of british borneo ) is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who lives in sarawak and is part of the party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . (id147)
oladipo diya was the successor of mike achigbe who was vice president while abdulsalami abubakar was serving as a member of the military branch of the nigerian army . (id148)
the nigerian air force is the military branch of the abdulsalami abubakar , who is the vice president . oladipo diya was the previous vice president and he was succeeded by al amin daggash . (id149)
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is in office while juan carlos i of spain is prime minister and felipe gonzalez is in office . (id150)
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he was a member of the spanish socialist workers party and worked at the ministry of transport . (id151)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where abraham a ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . his wife is casey ribicoff . (id152)
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from the magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 - 05 . he has fought in the gulf war . (id153)
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war . joseph stalin was the commander of that war . (id154)
adam koc died in new york city . he fought in the polish - soviet war which was a part of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin . (id155)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was vice president of new democracy and was succeeded by makis voridis . (id156)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked for the ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) and is the successor of makis voridis . (id157)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the hellenic parliament , and successor to makis voridis . (id158)
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where the dutch agnes kant comes from . the leader of the socialist party of the netherlands is emile roemer . (id159)
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the country is home to the dutch agnes kant . she is a member of the socialist party and has worked at the house of representatives . (id160)
mark rutte is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) where emile roemer is a member of the party . agnes kant is a dutch national . (id161)
agnes kant is a dutch national led by the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer and the red colour is associated with the party . (id162)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in battle at the battle of france in 1953 - 06 - 30 . his active years ended in 1979 - 03 - 30 . (id163)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in battle at battle of france in 1974 - 03 - 04 . he is now retired and his active years ended in 1979 - 03 - 30 . (id164)
airey neave , a member of the royal artillery , fought in world war ii . his commander was chiang kai shek and he also fought in world war i . (id165)
albert b . white was born in cleveland , ohio and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m . o dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland . (id166)
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was active from 1901 - 03 - 04 to 1903 - 04 . he was succeeded by william m . o dawson . (id167)
the commander of the american civil war was abraham lincoln and the american civil war was fought at albert jennings fountain in new york where the french language is spoken . (id168)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he fought in the american civil war under jefferson davis . (id169)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico territory , united states . (id170)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where alberto teisaire was in office while president juan peron was in office . teisaire died in buenos aires . (id171)
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and was appointed provisional president of the argentine senate . isaac rojas was his successor . (id172)
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was appointed by the governor of north carolina . he was a student at the university of north carolina . (id173)
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the u . s . army who fought in the whiskey rebellion . (id174)
alfred n . phillips ( born in connecticut ) was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) . albert e . austin was his successor . (id175)
albert e austin was mayor of stamford , connecticut where alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and is the successor of albert e austin . (id176)
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was appointed as the governor of texas . price daniel was his successor . (id177)
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . he served as a member of the governor of texas and is the successor of wilfred cousins , jr . (id178)
alvah sabin is from the state of vermont , which has the largest city of burlington and is the location of the 3rd congressional district . sabin was also the secretary of state of vermont . (id179)
the leader of the whig party ( united states ) is daniel webster . the party is part of the vermont region where the largest city is burlington . (id180)
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart . he has fought in the battle of gettysburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee . (id181)
alberto teisaire , who is originally from argentina , is in office while president of the labour party of argentina . (id182)
the successor of alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was isaac rojas , and he was in office while president . (id183)
abdul taib mahmud was born on the 21st of may , 1936 in miri , malaysia . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and currently resides in kuching . (id184)
adenan satem is the successor to abdul taib mahmud who was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he currently resides at demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak and his alma mater is the university of adelaide . (id185)
oladipo diya is the military branch of the nigerian navy and mike akhigbe , who was vice president of the country , served from 1999 - 05 - 29 . oladipo diya is the successor of atiku abubakar and abdulsalami abubakar is in office while mike akhigbe was vice president . (id186)
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in office while vice president . mike akhigbe was the predecessor of oladipo diya . the nigerian army is the military branch of the nigerian army . (id187)
american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is a member of the democratic party . he served as governor of connecticut and died in the united states . (id188)
united states secretary of health , education , and welfare , abraham a . ribicoff , was born in connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party and died in new york city . (id189)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york . (id190)
adam holloway was born in kent . he was a member of parliament for gravesham . he was a member of the grenadier guards and was hired as a member of parliament for gravesham in 2005 - 05 . (id191)
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england . he is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and was a member of the grenadier guards . he began his military career in 2005 - 05 . (id192)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he is the successor to makis voridis and was born in office while the prime minister was antonis samaras . (id193)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant , a dutch national , is an employee of the house of representatives and also works as a house of representative . agnes kant is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) . emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id194)
mark rutte and khadija arib are leaders of the netherlands where agnes kant is a dutch national . she lives in doesburg and has an office at the house of representatives . (id195)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a dutch national . agnes kant lives in doesburg and is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) . emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id196)
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 in parkersburg , west virginia . (id197)
albert b . white was born in cleveland , west virginia and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his wife was agnes ward white and he was successor to william m . o dawson . (id198)
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married agnes ward white . he served as governor of west virginia and died on march 4th , 1905 . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson . (id199)
albert b . white was born in cleveland and joined the republican party in the united states . he was a member of the 1900 - 03 - 04 started on 3 / 04 and has now retired . (id200)
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire was in office while president juan peron was a member of the labour party ( argentina ) . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . (id201)
alberto teisaire was born on 20 may 1891 in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and was appointed provisional president of the argentine senate . (id202)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in styria . (id203)
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz . (id204)
alvah sabin was born in sycamore , illinois and died in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he was active from 1857 - 03 - 03 and died in vermont . (id205)
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . he is from the 3rd congressional district of vermont . (id206)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where alfred moore scales was fought in the battle of gettysburg . the american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis . (id207)
alfred moore scales was from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the siege of petersburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis . (id208)
alberto teisaire is an argentine national who was in office while president . he is married to eva peron and is a member of the labour party ( argentina ) . (id209)
