the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba . (id1)
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy . (id2)
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . (id3)
mendrisio is neighbored by the municipality of meride . (id4)
bucharest is the capital of romania . (id5)
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . (id6)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students . (id7)
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba is uab . (id8)
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id9)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy . (id10)
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . (id11)
kochi is the leader of kerala where the awh engineering college is located . (id12)
awh engineering college in kerala , india has an academic staff of 250 . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id14)
kochi is the leader of kerala which is southwest of mahe india and is the location of the awh engineering college . (id15)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania . (id16)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . (id19)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id21)
the director of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is dr g p prabhukumar . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id22)
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest . (id24)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is run by a magistrate . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id25)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania . (id27)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . (id28)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s monarch is lars lokke rasmussen . (id32)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff . india ' s largest city is mumbai . (id33)
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . the leader of kerala is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india . (id34)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has a staff size of 737 . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id35)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus which is governed by a magistrate . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has mols to its northeast . (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id39)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is known as the monarchy of denmark and its religion is the church of denmark . (id40)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id41)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and the largest city is mumbai . kerala is led by kochi and the ganges is a river in india . (id42)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country ' s patron saint is andrew the apostle and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! (id43)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id44)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . the country ' s leader is the federal chancellor . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has the arabian sea to its west and telangana to its northeast . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education , which is based in mumbai . acharya institute of technology is the home of the tennis governing body , the international tennis federation . (id47)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . its ethnic group is the germans of romania . romania ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated with the european university association and has a staff size of 737 . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is governed by a magistrate government . denmark is led by a monarch . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and its dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated with the european university association . (id51)
