aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in the netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office while the vice president was tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is part of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib is the successor of abdul taib mahmoud .
abdulsalami abubakar has been active since 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger .
abner w sibal has been active since 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway resides in gravesend .
adenan satem was a student at the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is in office while the prime minister is antonis samaras .
the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping is the office ( workedat , workedas ) of adonis georgiadis .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave is in the active years of 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave has been awarded the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave has a military rank of lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was started in 1935 .
albert b . white is a republican party member .
albert b . white ' s spouse is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is a military branch of the union army .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was active from 1875 - 03 - 04 to 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales fought at the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers has been active since 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
price daniel was the successor of allan shivers .
alvah sabin was active from 1853 - 03 - 04 to 1853 - 03 - 04 .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party ( united states ) .
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war .
the language of austria is austrian german .
robert e . lee was the commander of battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor is a part of the american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
colin powell is the commander of the gulf war .
john f kennedy was a predecessor of dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus attended the university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain was preceded by francisco franco .
juan peron is a member of the labour party ( argentina ) .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
william m . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , fought at the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart and was a part of the battle of gettysburg .
the deputy of abdul taib mahmud is stephen yong kuet tze and he is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is part of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , was technical institute , kaduna .
chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger .
chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar and successor al - amin daggash .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who has been active since 1999 - 05 - 29 .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in office while vice president mike akhigbe .
abner w sibal was a world war ii battle leader . joseph stalin was the commander of world war ii .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and went to the magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent and now lives in gravesend .
adam koc , who was awarded the virtuti militi , fought in world war i .
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , adonis georgiadis , was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , adonis georgiadis , was born in greece .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and was a member of the parliamentary group . she was also the leader of the parliamentary group .
airey neave , who is in the royal artillery , was awarded the military cross .
airey neave was in the battle of france and has been active since 1974 .
airey neave was a commander of the battle of france which was fought by hugo sperrle .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii .
airey neave was a battle leader in world war ii under franklin roosevelt .
the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin and airey neave was a battle .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and is a politician .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
edmund j davis served as vice president of the albert jennings fountain and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain is located in new york city and is a republican party ( united states ) event .
alberto teisaire , who was provisional president of the argentine senate , was replaced by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and now lives in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria .
alfred moore scales , who was governor of north carolina , was replaced by james w reid .
alfred moore scales was succeeded by daniel gould fowle who went to princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was an employee of the united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states army which fought in the american civil war .
joseph stalin is the commander of world war ii in which allan shivers fought .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , is a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers , successor to ben ramsey , was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 in port arthur .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and served as secretary of state of vermont .
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine and fought at the battle of fredericksburg , was awarded the purple heart .
ab klink , born in the netherlands , went to the erasmus university rotterdam and is part of the christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub and is the successor of abdul taib mahmud .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and lives in sarawak .
the chief of the defence staff , nigeria , abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in the niger state , graduated from the technical institute , kaduna .
olusegun obasanjo , who is in office while vice president atiku abubakar , is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar .
olusegun obasanjo , who is in office while vice president atiku abubakar , is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain and was a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero is a member of the spanish socialist workers party and was born in galicia ( spain ) .
the united states army is the military branch of abner w sibal who fought in world war ii . the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and is a republican . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway was a member of the military branch of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war under the command of george h . w . bush .
adam holloway was a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and was born in faversham . his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress poland and fought in the polish - soviet war led by leon trotsky .
leon trotsky is the commander of the polish - soviet war which took place in the russian civil war and was fought by adam koc .
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the ministry for health and worked as both a minister for health employee and a minister for health employee .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy ( greece ) party and is in office while the prime minister is antonis samaras .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant , who is a dutch national , is an employee of the house of representatives .
mark rutte is a leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a member of the socialist party .
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from the radboud university in nijmegen . she then went on to work for the house of representatives .
airey neave has fought in the world war ii and is still in the period 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave , who was active from 1974 - 03 - 04 to 1979 - 03 - 30 , fought in world war ii .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
william m . dawson is the successor of albert b . white who was born in marietta , ohio and had agnes ward white as a spouse .
albert jennings fountain is located in staten island , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires governed by the buenos aires city legislature .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and successor to isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol , austria . he died in graz .
alfred n . phillips ( born in connecticut ) was a representative of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was also a member of the u . s . house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he also worked as a representative .
allan shivers was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was also a member of the democratic party ( united states ) . his successor was wilfred cousins , jr .
alvah sabin was active from 1857 - 03 - 03 and is located in the vermont region where burlington is the largest city .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and is a member of the whig party , which is led by henry clay .
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party ( united states ) , which is the party of alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont .
abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war and albert jennings fountain was born in the united states .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach , who was born in county of tyrol , died .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach , who was born in tyrol , died .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach died in styria and where he was born .
robert e . lee is the commander of the battle of salem church which is part of the american civil war . aaron daggett has fought in the battle of salem church .
ab klink is a dutch national born in stellendam . the euro is the currency in the netherlands .
adam koc is a polish national and one of the ethnic groups in poland is the kashubians . poland uses the polish language .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the american civil war . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of the wilderness . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury .
ab klink was born in the netherlands . he attended the erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with the association of mbas . he then worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . he is part of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and lives in asajaya .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and lives in asajaya .
adenan satem ( born in japanese occupation of british borneo ) is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who lives in sarawak and is part of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party .
adenan satem ( born in japanese occupation of british borneo ) is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who lives in sarawak and is part of the party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
oladipo diya was the successor of mike achigbe who was vice president while abdulsalami abubakar was serving as a member of the military branch of the nigerian army .
the nigerian air force is the military branch of the abdulsalami abubakar , who is the vice president . oladipo diya was the previous vice president and he was succeeded by al amin daggash .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is in office while juan carlos i of spain is prime minister and felipe gonzalez is in office .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he was a member of the spanish socialist workers party and worked at the ministry of transport .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where abraham a ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . his wife is casey ribicoff .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from the magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 - 05 . he has fought in the gulf war .
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war . joseph stalin was the commander of that war .
adam koc died in new york city . he fought in the polish - soviet war which was a part of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was vice president of new democracy and was succeeded by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked for the ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) and is the successor of makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the hellenic parliament , and successor to makis voridis .
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where the dutch agnes kant comes from . the leader of the socialist party of the netherlands is emile roemer .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the country is home to the dutch agnes kant . she is a member of the socialist party and has worked at the house of representatives .
mark rutte is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) where emile roemer is a member of the party . agnes kant is a dutch national .
agnes kant is a dutch national led by the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer and the red colour is associated with the party .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in battle at the battle of france in 1953 - 06 - 30 . his active years ended in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in battle at battle of france in 1974 - 03 - 04 . he is now retired and his active years ended in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave , a member of the royal artillery , fought in world war ii . his commander was chiang kai shek and he also fought in world war i .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , ohio and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m . o dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was active from 1901 - 03 - 04 to 1903 - 04 . he was succeeded by william m . o dawson .
the commander of the american civil war was abraham lincoln and the american civil war was fought at albert jennings fountain in new york where the french language is spoken .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he fought in the american civil war under jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico territory , united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where alberto teisaire was in office while president juan peron was in office . teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and was appointed provisional president of the argentine senate . isaac rojas was his successor .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was appointed by the governor of north carolina . he was a student at the university of north carolina .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the u . s . army who fought in the whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips ( born in connecticut ) was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) . albert e . austin was his successor .
albert e austin was mayor of stamford , connecticut where alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and is the successor of albert e austin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was appointed as the governor of texas . price daniel was his successor .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . he served as a member of the governor of texas and is the successor of wilfred cousins , jr .
alvah sabin is from the state of vermont , which has the largest city of burlington and is the location of the 3rd congressional district . sabin was also the secretary of state of vermont .
the leader of the whig party ( united states ) is daniel webster . the party is part of the vermont region where the largest city is burlington .
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart . he has fought in the battle of gettysburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee .
alberto teisaire , who is originally from argentina , is in office while president of the labour party of argentina .
the successor of alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was isaac rojas , and he was in office while president .
abdul taib mahmud was born on the 21st of may , 1936 in miri , malaysia . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and currently resides in kuching .
adenan satem is the successor to abdul taib mahmud who was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he currently resides at demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak and his alma mater is the university of adelaide .
oladipo diya is the military branch of the nigerian navy and mike akhigbe , who was vice president of the country , served from 1999 - 05 - 29 . oladipo diya is the successor of atiku abubakar and abdulsalami abubakar is in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in office while vice president . mike akhigbe was the predecessor of oladipo diya . the nigerian army is the military branch of the nigerian army .
american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is a member of the democratic party . he served as governor of connecticut and died in the united states .
united states secretary of health , education , and welfare , abraham a . ribicoff , was born in connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party and died in new york city .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york .
adam holloway was born in kent . he was a member of parliament for gravesham . he was a member of the grenadier guards and was hired as a member of parliament for gravesham in 2005 - 05 .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england . he is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and was a member of the grenadier guards . he began his military career in 2005 - 05 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he is the successor to makis voridis and was born in office while the prime minister was antonis samaras .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant , a dutch national , is an employee of the house of representatives and also works as a house of representative . agnes kant is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) . emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
mark rutte and khadija arib are leaders of the netherlands where agnes kant is a dutch national . she lives in doesburg and has an office at the house of representatives .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a dutch national . agnes kant lives in doesburg and is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) . emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , west virginia and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his wife was agnes ward white and he was successor to william m . o dawson .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married agnes ward white . he served as governor of west virginia and died on march 4th , 1905 . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and joined the republican party in the united states . he was a member of the 1900 - 03 - 04 started on 3 / 04 and has now retired .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire was in office while president juan peron was a member of the labour party ( argentina ) . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born on 20 may 1891 in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and was appointed provisional president of the argentine senate .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in styria .
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
alvah sabin was born in sycamore , illinois and died in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he was active from 1857 - 03 - 03 and died in vermont .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . he is from the 3rd congressional district of vermont .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where alfred moore scales was fought in the battle of gettysburg . the american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis .
alfred moore scales was from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the siege of petersburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
alberto teisaire is an argentine national who was in office while president . he is married to eva peron and is a member of the labour party ( argentina ) .
