11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
there are 814 rooms in the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the architecture of asilomar conference grounds is that of the " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
construction of asilomar conference grounds , 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
indian people inhabit india .
the los angeles herald examiner building is one of julia morgan ' s significant buildings .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler who was born in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at east link bridge .
the 3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka has the tudor revival style of architecture .
adisham hall in sri lanka has the tudor revival style of architecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan , where one of the ethnic groups are the brazilians .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka , where ampara hospital is located .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is the leader .
250 delaware avenue in the united states has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the united states architect george winkler designed 320 south boston building which has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located on north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick is the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
adisham hall , located in haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is in sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall . the building was built on 30 march 2007 .
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art musuem .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california and designed chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , the leader of which is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the liberal democrats .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international which has bill marriott as one of its key people . marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland .
103 colmore row in birmingham was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 with 23 floors .
coloured people are an ethnic group in south africa which has cape town as its capital . the country is the location of 11 diagonal street .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , where cleveland city council is the governing body .
250 delaware avenue cost 110 million dollars and is located in buffalo , new york . it has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres . it was completed in 2009 .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the brazilians .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group from japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia . the hall was completed on june 1st , 2009 .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , part of which is brooklyn . manhattan is led by cyrus vance jr .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the postcode ' b ' and is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the b postcode and is led by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat while sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan , where brazilians are an ethnic group .
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london , the capital of the united kingdom . the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is president joe biden . english is the language spoken in the united states .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and was started in january 2014 . it has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and was designed in the postmodern style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of illinois is springfield and the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is one of the key people at marriott international which was founded in washington dc . it is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where one of the languages used is greenlandic .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the greenlandic language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
adare manor was designed by the architect augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury . the palace of westminster is one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin . the republic of ireland is led by enda kenny .
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall which was built in 1961 and has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the building was completed in 1964 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the chinese .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of sri lanka is austin fernando .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka which has the capital city of sri jayawardenepura kotte . the country is the location of the ampara hospital in the eastern province which is governed by the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the b postcode and is governed by the birmingham city council led by labour politician john clancy .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is john roberts . barack obama is the president of the united states and the leader of the united states is john roberts .
