alan bean , who is now retired , was born in wheeler , texas , in the united states .
buzz aldrin is an american born in glen ridge , new jersey . joe biden is one of the leaders of the united states .
american buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis whose leader is francis g . slay .
elliot see died in st louis which is a part of the kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , was in space 13017 minutes and a the purple finch .
the printed book 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english which is spoken in great britain . it is the sequel to 1634 : the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city and is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal ' s issn number is 1473 - 5571 and comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who resides in the u . s . and his alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number of 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number of 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . its oclc number is 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has an issn number of 1865 - 8784 and an lccn number of 32024459 .
the book aenir was written in english and followed above the veil which was written in australia .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol ) has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of the journal addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
written in english , aenir was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
the author of a glastonbury romance is john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire . he died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the issn number " 0001 - 8392 " is for administrative science quarterly which was published by sage publications founded by sara miller mccune .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is called the president and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the title of the leader is the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and is in the sv germania schoneiche club .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
association football club blackpool ( abbreviated to a . f . c . blackpool ) has 1500 members and its ground is in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who used to play for runcorn fc halton .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and manages a . f . c . fylde . he also plays for stockport county f . c .
livorno , italy is the home to a . s . livorno calcio which has 19238 members and the full name livorno calcio s . p . a .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci and play in serie b . carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea fc and real madrid cf .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague of greece , olympiacos f . c . were past champions .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and now plays for real zaragoza .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both istanbulspor a . s . and jong ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio . he also plays for empoli f . c .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio . he also plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for us castrovillari calcio and for s . s . chieti calcio . he has been the manager of a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is the leader .
250 delaware avenue in the united states has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the united states architect george winkler designed 320 south boston building which has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located on north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick is the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
adisham hall , located in haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is in sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall . the building was built on 30 march 2007 .
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art musuem .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california and designed chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , the leader of which is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the liberal democrats .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international which has bill marriott as one of its key people . marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is located in dougherty county , georgia .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico ( led by the new mexico senate ) is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area of albuquerque is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the state of georgia in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans and where alpharetta , georgia is located .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and a total area of 657 and 714 . the area codes are 657 and 714 .
anaheim , california is part of california and is lead by the california state senate in the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where angola is located in the state of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the united states house of representatives leads antioch , california which is part of the san francisco bay area .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , tarrant county , united states . the county seat of arlington is fort worth .
washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and where atlanta is located .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the area code is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states , is the largest city in newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states where the largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
olympia is the capital of washington , which is the location of auburn , washington in the united states .
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia in the u . s . state of georgia . atlanta is the capital of georgia .
anderson is the largest city in madison county which is part of alexandria , indiana , in the united states .
atlantic city , n . j . , is part of new jersey , in the u . s . the capital of new jersey is trenton .
houston is the largest city in texas where the english language is spoken . the state is the location of the city of arlington which is part of texas .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states . the capital of the us is washington dc .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where attica is located in fountain county , indiana .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the language spoken is english .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where akron , ohio is located in summit county .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albany , oregon is part of benton county .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is in the country .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the language is english and albany , georgia is located .
english is the language of the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans and angola , indiana is located .
operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , aarhus airport has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway named 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in paracuellos de jarama , part of the madrid community in spain .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in uttar pradesh . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in germany .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and has its headquarters at the four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid led by ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party at san sebastian de los reyes is the peoples party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states and has to its southeast carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is found in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem , a javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the solanaceae family . it is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy .
asam pedas is a fish dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt and a variation of the club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from new york and france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . another type of dessert is cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a food found in indonesia .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the colombian dish bandeja paisa from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the paisa region and one of its ingredients is hogao .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , which is a type of dessert . a cookie is also a type of dessert .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales . it also contains banana .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where one of the languages is arabic and batchoy is eaten .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is of the order solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has an academic staff of 250 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
kochi is the leader of kerala which is southwest of mahe india and is the location of the awh engineering college .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is a french national .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 .
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . baymax first appeared in the film .
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
the film big hero 6 , starring ryan potter , was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . baymax is a character in the film .
the comic character blockbuster is also known as mark desmond and was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine and fought at the battle of fredericksburg , was awarded the purple heart .
ab klink , born in the netherlands , went to the erasmus university rotterdam and is part of the christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub and is the successor of abdul taib mahmud .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and lives in sarawak .
the chief of the defence staff , nigeria , abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in the niger state , graduated from the technical institute , kaduna .
olusegun obasanjo , who is in office while vice president atiku abubakar , is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar .
olusegun obasanjo , who is in office while vice president atiku abubakar , is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain and was a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero is a member of the spanish socialist workers party and was born in galicia ( spain ) .
the united states army is the military branch of abner w sibal who fought in world war ii . the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and is a republican . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway was a member of the military branch of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war under the command of george h . w . bush .
adam holloway was a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and was born in faversham . his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress poland and fought in the polish - soviet war led by leon trotsky .
leon trotsky is the commander of the polish - soviet war which took place in the russian civil war and was fought by adam koc .
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the ministry for health and worked as both a minister for health employee and a minister for health employee .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy ( greece ) party and is in office while the prime minister is antonis samaras .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant , who is a dutch national , is an employee of the house of representatives .
mark rutte is a leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a member of the socialist party .
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from the radboud university in nijmegen . she then went on to work for the house of representatives .
airey neave has fought in the world war ii and is still in the period 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave , who was active from 1974 - 03 - 04 to 1979 - 03 - 30 , fought in world war ii .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
william m . dawson is the successor of albert b . white who was born in marietta , ohio and had agnes ward white as a spouse .
albert jennings fountain is located in staten island , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires governed by the buenos aires city legislature .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and successor to isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol , austria . he died in graz .
alfred n . phillips ( born in connecticut ) was a representative of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was also a member of the u . s . house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he also worked as a representative .
allan shivers was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was also a member of the democratic party ( united states ) . his successor was wilfred cousins , jr .
alvah sabin was active from 1857 - 03 - 03 and is located in the vermont region where burlington is the largest city .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and is a member of the whig party , which is led by henry clay .
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party ( united states ) , which is the party of alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont .
abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war and albert jennings fountain was born in the united states .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach , who was born in county of tyrol , died .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach , who was born in tyrol , died .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach died in styria and where he was born .
robert e . lee is the commander of the battle of salem church which is part of the american civil war . aaron daggett has fought in the battle of salem church .
ab klink is a dutch national born in stellendam . the euro is the currency in the netherlands .
adam koc is a polish national and one of the ethnic groups in poland is the kashubians . poland uses the polish language .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is located in 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) . its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the orbital period of the 410777 2009 fd is 39447000 . 0 and its periapsis is 88234300000 . 0 . it was discovered by spacewatch .
the minimum temperature of 66063 1998 ro1 is - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) and the maximum temperature is 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) . its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the average speed of 66391 1999 kw4 is 37 . 16 km / s and its apoapsis is 162164091 . 8388 . its density is 2 . 0g .
the orbital period of 1000 piazzia is 488160 . 0 days and its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 . it was discovered on 2015 - 06 - 27 .
the former name of 1001 gaussia was " 1923 oaa907 xc " and is located at 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena is located at 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and its escape velocity is 0 . 0348 ( kilometre per second ) . its mass is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
walter baade is a german national who graduated from the university of gottingen . he is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
james craig watson died in madison wisconsin and was the discoverer of 103 hera which was discovered in 2011 - 08 - 27 .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin and was the discoverer of 103 hera .
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an epoch of 2011 - 08 - 27 .
103 hera ' s escape velocity is 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) and its temperature is 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
n r pogson is an englishman who was born in nottingham . he is the discoverer of 107 camilla .
1089 tama , formerly known as a904 va , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and its name is from 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama is in apoapsis at 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it was published in 2005 - 11 - 26 .
the former name of 1097 vicia was 1928 pc and it has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas , with a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms , is from the period of 2006 - 12 - 31 and has an epoch of 139705000 . 0 .
109 felicitas , with an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was published in 2006 - 12 - 31 .
10 hygiea , with an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) , has an average speed of 16 . 76 ( kilometre per second ) and a period of 5 . 57 days .
10 hygiea , with an area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres , has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 . it is located at 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7kg and its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 . it is from 2006 - 12 - 31 .
110 lydia has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
aaron bertram and suburban legends are both associated with pop music . they are both associated with the genre of associated band or associated musician .
aaron deer originates from the us and is in the genre of indie rock .
aaron deer originates from the united states and is a psychedelia author .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight along with greymachine . he is associated with the genre of black metal .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight and greymachine . he is associated with the genre of drone music .
aaron turner is associated with twilight ( band ) and mamiffer . he is associated with ambient music .
the electric guitar is an instrument of aaron turner who is a member of the genre of black metal and performs in the genre of death metal .
singing is the instrument of aaron turner who is a member of the genre of black metal and performs in the genre of death metal .
the birth date of abradab is 1978 - 11 - 12 and it is associated with the rapper magik and the band kaliber 44 .
magik ( rapper ) and kaliber44 are both associated with the origin of abradab which is from katowice .
ace wilder is a hip hop artist who hails from the disco style of music .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay where the leader is juan afara .
the associated band and associated musical artist of al anderson ( nrbq band ) is nrbq . they use the instrument of singing .
the genre of alan fro ' s music is rock . it is also a genre of bhangra ( music ) .
albennie jones is a genre of jazz which originated from blues . afrobeat is a genre of jazz .
albennie jones , who was born in errata , mississippi , was a disco derivative .
aleksandra kovac is associated with the genre of pop music and is the sister of bebi dol . k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and bebi dol are all associated with aleksandra kovac .
aleksandra kovac is associated with bebi dol and kornelije kovac . she is in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac is associated with the genre of rhythm and blues . she is the sister of kovac sisters duo kristina kovac and k2 .
alex day ' s genre is synthpop which is a subgenre of pop music . disco is a subgenre of synthpop .
alfred goddard jones was born in england and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
the united kingdom national , alfred garth jones , was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester ( led by the labour party ) and died in sidcup .
the leader of london is boris johnson and alfred garth jones died in sidcup .
alison o ' donnell is associated with flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she is a folk musician of ireland .
alison o ' donnell is associated with the genre of folk music and is the singer of the folk songs flibbertigibbet and mellow candle .
alison o ' donnell , who uses a voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp , is a jazz singer .
alison o ' donnell , a jazz singer , has a record label called static caravan records . one of the types of music that alison o ' donnell performs is funk .
allen forrest ( born in dothan , alabama ) performs as a solo singer and is in the genre of pop music .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and was a solo singer .
andrew white is a musician in the genre of alternative rock which originated in new wave music .
the band anders osborne is associated with billy iuso and tab benoit . the band is also associated with kirk joseph .
anders osborne is a rock musician who has a record label called rabadash records . bhangra is a genre of music .
the singer andra is associated with puya and crbl . she is a dance - pop singer .
marius moga and andreea balan are both associated with the genre of rhythm and blues . the singer andra is in this genre .
the background of andra ( singer ) is that he is a solo singer . he is a disco derivative .
christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn are both associated with the genre of trance music , that is , andrew rayel ' s music .
jonathan mendelsohn and bobina are both associated with the genre of trance music , that is , of andrew rayel .
jwaydan moyine and andrew rayel are associated with house music and associated with the genre of the christian burns .
marry banilow and andrew white are both associated with the record label universal records ( defunct record label ) and are both musicians .
aaron bertram , who is associated with suburban legends , is a ska punk who originates from the genre of ska .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the 1955 dodge has a v8 engine and a 3 speed automatic transmission . it is also known as the dodge coronet .
a - rosa luna , a 125800 . 0 ( millimetre ) cruise ship , was ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
a - rosa luna has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a displacement of 1850 tonnes . it is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long .
aida cruises is the operator of aida tours which is owned by costa crociere and is located in germany .
the christening date of aid astella was 2013 - 03 - 16 . it was in service by 2013 - 03 - 17 . its length is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york , is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
alv x - 1 is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the inhabitants are known as americans .
alv x - 1 is from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
alv x - 1 , which has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a total of 1 , launches from 2 rocket stages .
abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine and was produced in 1958 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a width of 1 . 55 and a 2160 . 0 ( millimetre ) wheelbase . it is a two door coupe .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , built by arctech helsinki shipyard and helsinki , has a beam of 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to the mean of transportation , was assembled in italy , the capital of which is rome .
the lancia thema is the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 which is located in italy , the capital of which is rome .
the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 , which is assembled in arese , is the lancia thema .
the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 is the fiat croma and saab 9000 . it is assembled in milan .
alhambra is 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long and has a ship launch date of 1855 - 05 - 31 .
alhambra was launched 1855 - 05 - 31 and has a beam of 8 . 3 m and a launch date of 1855 - 05 - 31 . it is now a wreck .
alvis speed25 is made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . its engine is petrol .
the eagle was the car model of the amc matador which was manufactured by american motors who have roy d chapin jr . as one of their key people .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares which is comparable to delta ii , originating from the united states .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares , a rocket that can be found at the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
ariane 5 , manufactured by arianespace , is the launch site for ela - 3 , which is located in guiana space centre .
the aston martin v8 was assembled at newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom . its engine is 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3 ( litres ) engine and is assembled in the uk , is related to mean of transportation as aston martin dbs .
atlas ii , launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station , originates from the united states .
atlas ii is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
atlas ii was launched from the cape canaveral air force station in the united states and also from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the audi a1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and is made in the audi brussels .
audi a1 , which is made by audi , is related to the mean of transportation of seat ibiza and volkswagen polo .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois and was founded in california . aidaluna has the power type of caterpillar inc .
caterpillar inc . is the owner of aidaluna which has the power type caterpillar inc . aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna .
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella which is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii which was launched from vandenberg afb in the united states .
ela - 3 , ariane 5 ' s launch site , is located at guiana space centre , french guiana .
ela - 3 , ariane 5 ' s launch site , is located in french guiana , guiana space centre .
the builder of a - rosa luna is neptun werft based in rostock , germany .
atlas ii is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the demonym for people living there is americans .
aaron hunt is a member of the youth club of goslarer sc 08 and vfl wolfsburg .
aaron hunt has been manager of sv werder bremen ii and plays for vfl wolfsburg .
abel hernandez is part of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club and plays for hull city a . f . c .
abel hernandez is part of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club and plays for penarol . he also plays for the u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams is attached to the club w connection f . c . he also plays for united petrotrin f . c . and his club is palo seco .
akeem ayers , who was once on the los angeles rams , was drafted in the 2nd round and in the 39th round .
akeem ayers , who was once on the st . louis rams , was drafted in the 2nd round and picked 39th in the draft .
akeem dent , born 1987 - 09 - 27 in atlanta , georgia , was a member of the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor . he also plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on the 01 / 01 / 1989 and plays for both hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c .
alan martin is a member of motherwell fc and plays for both accrington stanley f . c . and motherwell fc .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 in tampere , finland . he plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on the 2nd of september , 1995 in tampere , finland . he was a member of the florida panthers draft team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where vladimir putin is the leader .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 , is part of the russia national football team and plays for fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli is in the azal pfk club and plays for olympique lyonnais who have their ground at parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and for us lesquin . he also plays at parc olympique lyonnais .
the manager of alessio romagnoli is sinisa mihajlovic and he plays for the a . c . milan football team . he also plays for the italy national under 16 football team .
the manager of alessio romagnoli is sinisa mihajlovic and he plays for a . c . milan . he also plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club and plays for the italy national under 16 football team coached by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the u . c . sampdoria . he also plays for the italy national under 17 football team .
alex plante , born in brandon , manitoba , stands 1 . 9304 metres and plays for anyang hanna .
alex plante , born in canada , plays for anyang hanna and has a height of 1 . 9304 .
alex tyus is in the euroleague , plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . and has been the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . zvi sherf has been the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
aleksandr prudnikov is part of the club fc tom tomsk and plays for fc spartak moscow at the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov is part of the youth club of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc anzhi makhachkala . he also plays at the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who have been managed by valery petrakov and played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . and plays for the uruguay olympic football team . abel hernandez is a member of the hull city a . f . c .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in moscow , died in russia . sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of the real madrid castilla and also plays for the brazil under 20 football team . abner ( footballer ) is a member of the real madrid castilla .
the manager of real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramis . abner is a footballer who plays for c . d . fas .
francis g slay is the leader of st louis which is part of greater st louis and where alex tyus was born .
akeem ayers ( formerly of the new england patriots ) played for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is part of the trinidad and tobago national under 20 football team and plays for both united petrotrin f . c . and palo seco .
