abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has the number 18 .
the fifth runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport owner is andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch is a language spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
danes are the people who live in denmark .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is a language spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
there are 814 rooms in the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the architecture of asilomar conference grounds is that of the " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
construction of asilomar conference grounds , 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
indian people inhabit india .
the los angeles herald examiner building is one of julia morgan ' s significant buildings .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 the ram rebellion is available in print .
aids ( journal ) was published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in the english language .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is written in the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics is part of the academic discipline of mathematics .
the novel castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is published in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance preceded weymouth sands .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is in gubbio .
the a . s . gubbio 1910 club has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played the 2014 - 15 season in the football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is in the umbria region .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
sportpark de toekomst is tenanted by jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
mendrisio is neighbored by the municipality of meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is a united states national .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
the gemstone of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is dead .
the character , april o ' neal , was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski ' s full name is bibbo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is also known as black pirate .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california is in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient of a blt .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco .
chicken is in the class of birds .
the indian rupee is the currency in india .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
spanish is a language spoken in new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group from sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is found in the monocacy national battlefield , the nearest city being frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( turk sehitleri aniti ) is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
salem is the capital of oregon where albany is located .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is the united states house of representatives .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is part of atlantic county .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where atlantic city is located in new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where albany is located .
amarillo , texas is located within the united states , the capital of which is washington d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany , georgia is part of the country .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , alabama is located .
the english language is spoken in the united states where akron , ohio is located .
the leader of the united states is known as the president and is albuquerque , new mexico .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is popular in indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manual valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery belongs to the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in the columbian dish bandeja paisa .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of the indonesian dish batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the dish batagor which is a variation of the siomay dish .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore that contains palm sugar .
beef kway teow is a dish from halimah yacob led , singapore .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow . it is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji come from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is a leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit is the sweet potato and it also contains banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a type of dessert , as is bionico .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is a traditional dish .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is in iraq , where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway length is 2014 . 0 metres .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
infraero is located in brasilia and is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio which has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa manages the acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
the fullname of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in greece and has 69618 members .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , whose tenant is jong ajax .
azal pfk , play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members and they played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti manages as roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and published as an e book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print form .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp was produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and the book is fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publish the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba is uab .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
kochi is the leader of kerala where the awh engineering college is located .
april o ' neal was created by peter laird , a united states national .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was shown on stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
the character bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on mar 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and is now retired .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler who was born in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at east link bridge .
the 3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka has the tudor revival style of architecture .
adisham hall in sri lanka has the tudor revival style of architecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan , where one of the ethnic groups are the brazilians .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka , where ampara hospital is located .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean , who is now retired , was born in wheeler , texas , in the united states .
buzz aldrin is an american born in glen ridge , new jersey . joe biden is one of the leaders of the united states .
american buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis whose leader is francis g . slay .
elliot see died in st louis which is a part of the kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , was in space 13017 minutes and a the purple finch .
the printed book 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english which is spoken in great britain . it is the sequel to 1634 : the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city and is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal ' s issn number is 1473 - 5571 and comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who resides in the u . s . and his alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number of 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number of 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . its oclc number is 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has an issn number of 1865 - 8784 and an lccn number of 32024459 .
the book aenir was written in english and followed above the veil which was written in australia .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol ) has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of the journal addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
written in english , aenir was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
the author of a glastonbury romance is john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire . he died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the issn number " 0001 - 8392 " is for administrative science quarterly which was published by sage publications founded by sara miller mccune .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is called the president and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the title of the leader is the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and is in the sv germania schoneiche club .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
association football club blackpool ( abbreviated to a . f . c . blackpool ) has 1500 members and its ground is in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who used to play for runcorn fc halton .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and manages a . f . c . fylde . he also plays for stockport county f . c .
livorno , italy is the home to a . s . livorno calcio which has 19238 members and the full name livorno calcio s . p . a .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci and play in serie b . carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea fc and real madrid cf .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague of greece , olympiacos f . c . were past champions .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and now plays for real zaragoza .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both istanbulspor a . s . and jong ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio . he also plays for empoli f . c .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio . he also plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for us castrovillari calcio and for s . s . chieti calcio . he has been the manager of a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is the leader .
250 delaware avenue in the united states has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the united states architect george winkler designed 320 south boston building which has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located on north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick is the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
adisham hall , located in haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is in sri lanka where the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall . the building was built on 30 march 2007 .
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art musuem .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california and designed chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , the leader of which is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is led by the liberal democrats .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international which has bill marriott as one of its key people . marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is located in dougherty county , georgia .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico ( led by the new mexico senate ) is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area of albuquerque is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the state of georgia in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans and where alpharetta , georgia is located .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and a total area of 657 and 714 . the area codes are 657 and 714 .
anaheim , california is part of california and is lead by the california state senate in the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where angola is located in the state of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the united states house of representatives leads antioch , california which is part of the san francisco bay area .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , tarrant county , united states . the county seat of arlington is fort worth .
washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and where atlanta is located .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the area code is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states , is the largest city in newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states where the largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
olympia is the capital of washington , which is the location of auburn , washington in the united states .
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia in the u . s . state of georgia . atlanta is the capital of georgia .
anderson is the largest city in madison county which is part of alexandria , indiana , in the united states .
atlantic city , n . j . , is part of new jersey , in the u . s . the capital of new jersey is trenton .
houston is the largest city in texas where the english language is spoken . the state is the location of the city of arlington which is part of texas .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states . the capital of the us is washington dc .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where attica is located in fountain county , indiana .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington dc and the language spoken is english .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where akron , ohio is located in summit county .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albany , oregon is part of benton county .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is in the country .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the language is english and albany , georgia is located .
english is the language of the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans and angola , indiana is located .
operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , aarhus airport has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway named 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in paracuellos de jarama , part of the madrid community in spain .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in uttar pradesh . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in germany .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and has its headquarters at the four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid led by ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party at san sebastian de los reyes is the peoples party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states and has to its southeast carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is found in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem , a javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the solanaceae family . it is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in rome , italy .
asam pedas is a fish dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt and a variation of the club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from new york and france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a dessert . another type of dessert is cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a food found in indonesia .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the colombian dish bandeja paisa from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a columbian dish from the paisa region and one of its ingredients is hogao .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a type of dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , which is a type of dessert . a cookie is also a type of dessert .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order of solanales . it also contains banana .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where one of the languages is arabic and batchoy is eaten .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is of the order solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has an academic staff of 250 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
kochi is the leader of kerala which is southwest of mahe india and is the location of the awh engineering college .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is a french national .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 .
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . baymax first appeared in the film .
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
the film big hero 6 , starring ryan potter , was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . baymax is a character in the film .
the comic character blockbuster is also known as mark desmond and was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
103 colmore row in birmingham was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 with 23 floors .
coloured people are an ethnic group in south africa which has cape town as its capital . the country is the location of 11 diagonal street .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , where cleveland city council is the governing body .
250 delaware avenue cost 110 million dollars and is located in buffalo , new york . it has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres . it was completed in 2009 .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the brazilians .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group from japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia . the hall was completed on june 1st , 2009 .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , part of which is brooklyn . manhattan is led by cyrus vance jr .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the postcode ' b ' and is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the b postcode and is led by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat while sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan , where brazilians are an ethnic group .
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london , the capital of the united kingdom . the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is president joe biden . english is the language spoken in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania and was established in the year 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is called turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan . baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument established on 11 july 1907 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . the leader of turkey is known as the president of turkey .
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the city of albany in georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) and the area code is 505 , 575 .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county in georgia , united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . the capital of texas is austin .
the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol in anaheim , california where the spanish language is spoken .
anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . it is located at 268 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
the population of antioch california has a total of 102372 and the total area is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . the area code is 925 and the utc offset is - 7 .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code is 609 and the leader is the mayor . the total area is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama , part of lee county , alabama , united states , is home to many asian americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the state of alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county and king county , washington in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . the largest city in texas is houston and the county seat is san marcos .
the chinese language is spoken in california where the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol . anaheim is part of california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the u . s . state of georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
houston is the largest city in texas where the english language is spoken . the state is part of the united states and the largest city is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the largest city is new york city . the country is the location of atlantic city which is a part of new jersey .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is president barack obama . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate in albuquerque , new mexico , united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is located in benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is lead by a mayor .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the language is english and where albany , georgia is located .
english is the language of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and angola , indiana is part of .
english is the language of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , in the united states .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and for 1 . fc union berlin . he is also part of the fsv zwickau club .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for f . c . bari 1908 and is in the carrarese calcio club .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for both torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona . he has also managed ac lumezzane .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . they have 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who have their ground in blackpool . the leader of blackpool council is the conservative party ( uk ) .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . and is based at blackpool . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and is based at warton , fylde , lancashire . they played in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and play at bryning lane .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus f . c . and inter milan . he also plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they have 69618 members . they played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax nv . jong ajax is a tenant of the ground .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden , godenzonen . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca , which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , which was won by vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca , which is located in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , which is based in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy .
peter stoger is the manager of fc kolin and plays for both sk vorwarts steyr and fc admira wacker modling . he also plays for fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . its runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway named 18l / 36r with a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway named 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan with a length of 2014 . 0 . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
the 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol which is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . the airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the state ' s capital is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . the airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority which is lead by stephen dilts . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the leader of the country is charles michel and the spoken language is german .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of antwerp which is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , where the kurdish languages are spoken .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids and is in the class monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house in london . it broadcasts bananaman and uses bbc radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983 .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the ram rebellion by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published in the uk by lippincott , williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the leader of the uk is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number of 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 . it is available in hardcover .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in hardcover . it has the oclc number of 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has 560 pages and the isbn number is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) is part of the academic discipline of math . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is academically focused on paleobiology and has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . it has the lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . . it has the issn number of 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
cornell university , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 by the johns hopkins university press in the united states , whose parent company is johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the language spoken is english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is the language and barack obama is the leader . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the asian americans .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and joined nasa in 1963 where he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman . chris patten is a representative of british hong kong .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and joined nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin ( born edwin eugene aldrin jr ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 and won 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california where alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders served as a fighter pilot before joining nasa in 1963 where he became a member of the apollo 8 crew .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the director of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is dr g p prabhukumar . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is run by a magistrate . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leaders are the parliament of catalonia and spaniards .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak is an ethnic group from sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and club sandwich . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , is a dish from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong , france , the united states and china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which hails from hong kong and is from the united states .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . one of the ingredients is fruit preserves .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are the main ingredients in bakso which is popular all over indonesia and southeastern asian countries .
bakso is a food found in indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . it comes from the paisa region and is part of colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor comes from the country of indonesia and is a variation of the siomay and shumai dishes . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which are found in the region of karnataka , india . the dish contains vegetables .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato ( part of the flowering plant order solanales ) .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . it contains coconut milk and sago .
bionico , which contains granola , is a dessert found in the region of jalisco , mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert .
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia where the dish bakso is from . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( home of the baduy people ) . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
ilocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups . arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . it was preceded by the grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university in ithaca , new york . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . its president is elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . african americans are an ethnic group in the us .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english which is also the language of great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the us .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are an ethnic group in the us .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
the novel into battle ( novel ) was written by australians . it was followed by the violet keystone and followed by into battle ( novel ) . aenir was preceded by castle ( novel ) .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is the language of the united states and great britain .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and comes from the united states where barack obama is the president and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington d . c . americans inhabit the u . s . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president . english is spoken in both the us and great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the us .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia and is inhabited by americans . the leader of the us is known as the president and the asian americans are an ethnic group in the us .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , u . s . a . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country where atlanta is the largest city .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the u . s . the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . and english is the language spoken .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . english is spoken in texas where the capital is austin .
english is spoken in amarillo , texas , part of potter county , texas , in the united states . the capital of texas is austin .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states . anderson has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
the english language is spoken in california where the 11th state assembly district is located in the city of antioch , contra costa county . the leader of antioch is the california ' s 11th state assembly district .
atlanta is located in dekalb county , georgia . it has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the area code is 404 .
attica , indiana is part of the united states and is located in logan township , fountain county , indiana . it is situated 166 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , which is part of alabama in the united states . african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county and king county , washington in the united states . it has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres and 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
williamson county is the seat of georgetown in williamson county , texas . the largest city in the county is round rock and the spoken language is english .
austin is part of hays county in texas . the largest city in texas is houston . the county seat of austin is san marcos . english is spoken in texas .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in texas where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos . the state is the location of the city of austin and is the location of the city of hays county .
the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the state is part of the united states . the language spoken in indiana is english americans and the state is the location of the city of alexandria which is part of madison county .
houston is the largest city in texas where the spanish language is spoken . tarrant county is the county seat of tarrant county in texas where the largest city is houston .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas , u . s . is fort worth . the capital of texas is austin and the state is the location of the city of arlington which is part of tarrant county .
white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the largest city is new york city . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey which is part of new jersey .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the united states is the location of the city of albany , oregon which is part of linn county .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the people who live there are known as americans . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . and one of the cities is albany , oregon which is part of oregon .
the african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana which is in the united states .
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc . the united states is the location of auburn , lee county , alabama which is part of lee county , alabama .
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is home to the city of auburn , lee county , alabama . auburn is part of lee county , alabama which is served by opelika .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital city is trenton and the largest city is newark , new jersey . the state is the location of the city of atlantic city which is part of new jersey .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the language is english . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico which is part of new mexico .
english is the language of the united states where the inhabitants are known as americans . the country is the home of the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of angola , indiana which is part of steuben county .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital city is washington d . c . and the country is the location of the city of akron , ohio .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albany , georgia which is part of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county lies cumberland county and to the southeast lies carrol county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the leader is president ahmet davutoglu .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s monarch is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff . india ' s largest city is mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . the leader of kerala is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has a staff size of 737 . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus which is governed by a magistrate . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has mols to its northeast .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane , plays for f . c . bari 1908 and previously for vicenza calcio . the leader of italy is pietro grasso .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who have their ground in blackpool . he also plays for chesterfield fc and stockport county fc . the leader of blackpool is the labour party ( uk ) .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the italian language is spoken . the club play in serie d , the champions of which are s . s . robur siena . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the manager of which is gus poyet who used to play for chelsea f . c . the ground is located in marousi .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader of the italian people and the capital city is rome .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and the official language is italian . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . indonesia ' s leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula . it is also found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malay and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and the ethnic groups are malay and malaysian indian .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . the dish comes from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
paul ryan is a leader in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . english is the language spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the white americans . the country is the origin of the bacon explosion .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , is a dish from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is from france , where french is spoken and manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders . baked alaska is also from hong kong .
bandeja paisa is found in the antioquia department of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where french is spoken and gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish , siomay which contains peanut sauce . batagor originates from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is one of the ingredients of shumai .
batagor , a variation of shumai , siomay , is found in indonesia . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of india is called vajubhai vala and the people are called indians .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the people of india are known as indian and the leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . the country is the home of the dish bionico which can be varied by adding honey .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where the dish bionico is found in the jalisco region . honey can be added to bionico which is a dish served for dessert .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where carles puidgemont is the leader . the country ' s main ethnic group are the spaniards .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where the capital is rome . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome , the language is italian and the leader is pietro grasso and matteo renzi .
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish is made nationwide and can also be found in malaysia and singapore . ayam penyet contains fried chicken .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java and english is spoken in singapore . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken . ethnic groups from the philippines include the zamboangans and chinese filipinos .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . spaniards are the main ethnic group of the country and the language spoken is spanish .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where the leader is susana diaz . the leader of spain is felipe vi and the people are called spaniards .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and performed as a test pilot . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is now retired . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 mission along with backup pilot william anders .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 and is now retired . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 mission along with backup pilot william anders .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the gemstone is benitoite .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a fighter pilot . he was a member of apollo 8 ' s crew . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway is named 14l / 32r and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located at 167 . 94 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and the icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway length of 3990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located at al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of the airbase is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft . the usaf was involved in the 1986 bombing of libya .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 hercules is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of poaceae . the runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 733 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway named 18r / 36l with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it serves the city of alpena and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 7 / 25 with a length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1 / 19 with a length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the runway length is 1533 . 0 .
located in icolo e bengo , angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05l / 23r and it has a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in that country .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of which are prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras . greek is spoken in greece .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city which is lead by don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . two of the leaders of which are philippe of belgium and charles michel . the capital of the country is brussels .
kacy is the icao location identifier for atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of saranac lake and lake placid in new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves both lake placid and saranac lake , essex county , new york .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of both awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . it is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force and uses the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders in iraq where arabic is spoken .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and was started in january 2014 . it has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and was designed in the postmodern style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of illinois is springfield and the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is one of the key people at marriott international which was founded in washington dc . it is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where one of the languages used is greenlandic .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the greenlandic language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
adare manor was designed by the architect augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury . the palace of westminster is one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin . the republic of ireland is led by enda kenny .
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall which was built in 1961 and has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the building was completed in 1964 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the chinese .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of sri lanka is austin fernando .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka which has the capital city of sri jayawardenepura kotte . the country is the location of the ampara hospital in the eastern province which is governed by the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the b postcode and is governed by the birmingham city council led by labour politician john clancy .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the leader is john roberts . barack obama is the president of the united states and the leader of the united states is john roberts .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . it is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . to the southeast of adams county lies carrol county , maryland .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the city is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who were killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alan bean was born on mar 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was in space 100305 minutes . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission along with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . bean retired in june 1981 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo 11 was william anders .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and joined nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator . benitoite is a gemstone found in california .
american william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 mission along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 mission along with frank borman and buzz aldrin . he graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is known as the monarchy of denmark and its religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and the largest city is mumbai . kerala is led by kochi and the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the country ' s patron saint is andrew the apostle and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . it is located in turkey , where the largest city is istanbul , the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey which has the capital city of ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey which has the capital city of ankara and the largest city of istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira and the country is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . the country ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has the arabian sea to its west and telangana to its northeast . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education , which is based in mumbai . acharya institute of technology is the home of the tennis governing body , the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . its ethnic group is the germans of romania . romania ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated with the european university association and has a staff size of 737 . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is governed by a magistrate government . denmark is led by a monarch .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and its dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he worked as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he served as a test pilot and died in california .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot who was on the crew of apollo 12 operated by nasa and commanded by david scott . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on jan 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa the same year . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born on jan 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 and was awarded 20 awards . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was an american born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders . buzz aldrin is now retired .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september 1969 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 . he spent 8820 minutes in space as a crew member on apollo 8 .
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in the netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office while the vice president was tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is part of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib is the successor of abdul taib mahmoud .
abdulsalami abubakar has been active since 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger .
abner w sibal has been active since 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway resides in gravesend .
adenan satem was a student at the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is in office while the prime minister is antonis samaras .
the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping is the office ( workedat , workedas ) of adonis georgiadis .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave is in the active years of 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave has been awarded the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave has a military rank of lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was started in 1935 .
albert b . white is a republican party member .
albert b . white ' s spouse is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is a military branch of the union army .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was active from 1875 - 03 - 04 to 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales fought at the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers has been active since 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
price daniel was the successor of allan shivers .
alvah sabin was active from 1853 - 03 - 04 to 1853 - 03 - 04 .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party ( united states ) .
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war .
the language of austria is austrian german .
robert e . lee was the commander of battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor is a part of the american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
colin powell is the commander of the gulf war .
john f kennedy was a predecessor of dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus attended the university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain was preceded by francisco franco .
juan peron is a member of the labour party ( argentina ) .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
william m . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .
the engine of 1955 dodge is 230 ( cubic inches ) .
a - rosa luna was christened on 2005 - 04 - 07 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aida cruises is the operator of aidaluna .
aid astella ' s christening date was 2013 - 03 - 16 .
aid astella was completed on 2013 - 03 - 11 .
aid astella ' s maiden voyage was in 2013 .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella .
alv x - 1 was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
the amc matador ' s alternative name is american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe ' s engine is a straight - four .
acura tlx ' s engine is the honda k engine .
the layout of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
acura tlx is related to mean of transportation , the honda accord .
the transmission of acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is arese .
alfa romeo 164 is related to mean of transportation , lancia thema .
the transmission of alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
the builder of alhambra was samuda brothers .
the ship beam of alhambra is 8 . 3 m .
the status of alhambra is " wrecked " .
the top speed of alhambra is 18 . 52 .
alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
the start year of alvis speed 25 is 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 ' s ship draft is 4 . 6 m .
the final flight of antares ( rocket ) was 2014 - 10 - 28 .
the launch site of antares ( rocket ) is mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 was launched from guiana space centre .
ariane 5 ' s maiden flight was on the 11th of august 2005 .
the body style of aston martin v8 is convertible .
aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin v8 .
aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin virage .
the final flight of atlas ii was on 16th march 1998 .
atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
the audi a1 is assembled in brussels .
the mean of transportation of an audi a1 is seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
desoto custom is related to mean of transportation .
alfa romeo 164 is a mean of transportation used by fiat cora .
germans inhabit germany .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is a leader in germany .
giovanni bertone founded gruppo bertone .
the guiana space centre ' s headquarter is in kourou , french guiana .
the honda k engine was manufactured by honda .
the star - spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent played for atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
basim qasim manages al - zawra ' a sc .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academic f . c .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . has a height of 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays in the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
the youth club of alessio romagnoli is a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is the name of the city of atlanta falcons .
the general manager of the boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is in hungary .
english is the language spoken in canada .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets play in columbus , ohio .
oleh lukshny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the finnish language is spoken in finland .
the coach of the italy national under 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
motherwell f . c . ground is fir park .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams is located in st . louis .
the tennessee titans are located in nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram has been active since 1998 .
aaron deer is the associated band / associated musician of the horns of happiness .
kill rock stars is the label of aaron deer .
aaron turner ' s genre is avant - garde metal .
aaron turner ' s genre is progressive metal .
abradab is a solo singer .
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is hip hop music .
agustin barboza writes in guarania .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frock is a rock musician .
albennie jones is associated with the musical artist sammy price .
aleksandra kovac ' s background is solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues author .
aleksandra kovac is a genre of soul music .
alex day is a synthpop genre .
hector numa mesa is the associated band / associated musician of alfredo zitarrosa .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
the record label of alfredo zitarrosa is rca records .
alison o ' donnell has been active since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz .
alison o ' donnell uses the instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born on the 4th of january 1981 .
allen forrest ' s genre is pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the associated band / associated musician of anders osborne is johnny sansone .
anders osborne belongs to the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne has a record label called alligator records .
the genre of andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel has been active since 2009 .
the associated band / associated musician of andrew rayel is christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white ( musician ) is associated with marry banilow .
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label called b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns uses a guitar .
hip hop is a subgenre of gangsta rap .
hip hop music is stylistic in origin .
indie rock was influenced by new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
rca records is distributing the sony music entertainment .
blues is the origin of rock and roll .
synthpop was influenced by pop music .
the demonym for natives of the united kingdom is british people .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
the discoverer of 1950 da was carl a . wirtanen .
the absolute magnitude of 410777 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
the apoapsis of 410777 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 .
the apoapsis of 66063 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1000 piazzia is located at 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) from the escape velocity .
the former name of 1001 gaussia was " 1923 oaa907 xc " .
the maximum temperature of 1001 georgia is 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena is in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
1036 ganymed ' s average speed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
103 hera is 7 . 66 magnitude .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
7 . 08 is the absolute magnitude of 107 camilla .
a . storrs was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
1089 tama ' s former name was a894 va ; a904 vd .
1089 tama is in the orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 kilometres per second .
1097 vicia is in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the rotation period of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian heinrich peters .
the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
10 hygiea ' s average speed is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was born on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson went to the university of michigan .
n r pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , fought at the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart and was a part of the battle of gettysburg .
the deputy of abdul taib mahmud is stephen yong kuet tze and he is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is part of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
the alma mater of abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , was technical institute , kaduna .
chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger .
chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar and successor al - amin daggash .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who has been active since 1999 - 05 - 29 .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in office while vice president mike akhigbe .
abner w sibal was a world war ii battle leader . joseph stalin was the commander of world war ii .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army which fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and went to the magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent and now lives in gravesend .
adam koc , who was awarded the virtuti militi , fought in world war i .
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , adonis georgiadis , was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , adonis georgiadis , was born in greece .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and was a member of the parliamentary group . she was also the leader of the parliamentary group .
airey neave , who is in the royal artillery , was awarded the military cross .
airey neave was in the battle of france and has been active since 1974 .
airey neave was a commander of the battle of france which was fought by hugo sperrle .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii .
airey neave was a battle leader in world war ii under franklin roosevelt .
the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin and airey neave was a battle .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and is a politician .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
edmund j davis served as vice president of the albert jennings fountain and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain is located in new york city and is a republican party ( united states ) event .
alberto teisaire , who was provisional president of the argentine senate , was replaced by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary and now lives in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria .
alfred moore scales , who was governor of north carolina , was replaced by james w reid .
alfred moore scales was succeeded by daniel gould fowle who went to princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was an employee of the united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states army which fought in the american civil war .
joseph stalin is the commander of world war ii in which allan shivers fought .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , is a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers , successor to ben ramsey , was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 in port arthur .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and served as secretary of state of vermont .
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is from .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol who have jorge orosman da silva as their manager .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher plays for both az alkmaar and the netherlands national under 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and the netherlands national under 17 football team .
steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc are clubs for ahmad kadhim assad .
thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc which is the club of akeem adams .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team and plays for t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , who was once a member of the new england patriots , was drafted in 39 .
akeem ayers was a former member of the tennessee titans and was selected 39th in the draft .
akeem dent was born on the 27th of september 1987 and his birth date is 1987 - 09 - 27 .
akeem priestley is in the sheikh russel kansas club and plays for connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for rops and for sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club whose ground is al - khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc who have been managed by amar osim .
alan martin is a member of the hamilton academical f . c . and also plays for leeds united f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academic f . c . , whose ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who have as their manager valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for both fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk who play in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus , who was born 1988 - 01 - 08 , plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon manitoba where alex plante was born .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
english is the language of canada where adam mcquaid was born .
the manager of fc dinamo batumi is levan khomeriki and his club is fc dinamo batumi . aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and his club is fc spartak moscow . the home ground of fc spartak moscow is otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops who play in the veikkausliiga .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . at the palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer , who is in the genre psychedelia , plays the guitar .
the origin of aaron deer , united states , is indiana .
aaron turner ' s genre is electroacoustic music , he is associated with the band twilight .
aaron turner , who is in the genre of avant - garde metal , uses the instrument of singing .
the associated band / associated musical artist of abradab is magik and the associated band / associated musical artist of abradab is kaliber44 .
abradab was born on 11 / 12 / 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice , poland .
disco is a stylistic origin of hip hop music , which ace wilder comes from .
ace wilder , whose background is solo singer , was recorded by the warner music group .
agustin barboza , born in paraguay , performed for philips records .
the genre of alan fro ' s music is rock music , the genre of which is bhangra .
alan frogo ' s genre is rock music , originating from country music .
albennie jones is a genre of jazz which originated from blues .
aleksandra kovac , whose background is pop music , is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac comes from the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of soul music and has been active since 1990 .
alex day is a synthpop artist who was influenced by new wave music .
alfred goddard jones was born in england in 1872 .
the background of alfredo zitarrosa , who is in the genre milonga , is solo singer .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer and is in the taquirari genre .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , who is in the zamba artform , is a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell is associated with both the band plastik mak and the band bajik .
alison o ' donnell ' s genre is folk rock , and he has a record label called floating world records .
alison o ' donnell , who is in the genre of jazz , uses the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest ' s background is hip hop music and he is a solo singer .
alternative rock is a subgenre of christian alternative rock and is the music of andrew white .
the band anders osborne is associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
anders osborne is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues and was recorded by rabadash records .
anders osborne , who has a record label called shanachie records , is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is a pop singer who has been in business since 2000 .
the singer andra comes from the blues genre .
christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn are the associated musicians of andrew rayel .
mark sixma and jonathan mendelsohn are associated band and associated musician , respectively , of andrew rayel .
jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren are the associated bands and associated musical artists of andrew rayel .
andrew white ' s ( musician ) genre is alternative rock , which was influenced by new wave music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a genre of country music that uses the banjo .
polydor records is located in london and is the record label of andrew white .
the escape velocity of 1995 kw8 is 0 . 0925 ( kilometre per second ) and its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the minimum temperature of 410777 2009 fd is 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) and it is located at 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has a discoverer count of 88234300000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the book was published in 2013 .
the orbital period of 66391 1999 kw4 is 2004 - 07 - 14 .
66391 1999 kw4 is in the 2004 - 07 - 14 epoch and has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
james craig watson died of peritonitis and was the discoverer of 101 helena .
1036 ganymed ' s apoapsis is 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and its average speed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1036 ganymed was discovered by walter baade who was born in the german empire .
walter baade is a national of germany and was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
james craig watson died from peritonitis and was the discoverer of 103 hera .
james craig watson is a national of canada and was the discoverer of 103 hera .
n r pogson , born in nottingham , was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb , is in the epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a temperature of 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
1097 vitia is in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and its periapsis is 279142000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) from apoapsis and has a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
109 felicitas is in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47 , 487 . 6 and is from 2006 . 12 . 31 .
10 hygiea is located at 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and has a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
a900 ga is the former name of 10 hygiea which is in the epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7kg and was published in 2006 - 12 - 31 .
110 lydia has an epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
a - rosa luna has a length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and is a cruise ship .
a - rosa luna , which is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long , was ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises
aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises is the operator of aida cruises
aidaluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 and a length of 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
aid astella was christened on 2013 - 03 - 16 and has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
montreal locomotive works is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a power type of diesel - electric transmission .
alv x - 1 is 1 . 524 metres in diameter and has a rocket stage .
amc matador was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin and was in production from 1974 to date .
amc matador was designed by richard a teague , who is employed by chrysler .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) has a length of 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the mean of transportation of alfa romeo 164 is saab 9000 .
the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 is fiat croma . it was assembled in italy .
the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 is lancia thema and it was assembled in italy .
alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry and manufactures alvis speed 25 .
alvis speed 25 ' s transmission is single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle and engine 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres ) .
alvis speed 25 has a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle and straight - six engine .
eagle ( automobile ) is the successor of amc matador .
antares ( rocket ) ' s maiden flight was on 2014 - 01 - 09 and its launch site is the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is from argentina where gabriela michetti is the leader .
ariane 5 , manufactured by airbus defence and space , was launched from ela - 3 .
ariane 5 was made by airbus defence and space whose parent company is airbus group .
the united kingdom is the location of the assembly of the aston martin v8 , which has the mean of transportation of 1 .
the successor of the aston martin v8 is the aston martin virage .
the successor of the aston martin v8 is the aston martin virage and it is related to the mean of transportation .
the successor of the aston martin v8 is the aston martin virage , which is manufactured by aston martin .
atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was last flown on 16th march 1998 .
atlas ii , manufactured by lockheed martin , was launched from cape nova air force station .
the audi a1 was made by audi who are in the division of audi e - tron .
ducati is a subsidiary of audi , the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi , whose subsidiary is quattro gmbh .
caterpillar inc . has the power type aidaluna and the key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii which was launched at vandenberg air force base .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built in finland , where the leader is juha sipila .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the american submarine nr - 1 .
rolls - royce is the owner of mtu friedrichshafen and the power of a - rosa luna .
the united kingdom is lead by elizabeth ii and is the location of the assembly of aston martin v8 .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine and fought at the battle of fredericksburg , was awarded the purple heart .
ab klink , born in the netherlands , went to the erasmus university rotterdam and is part of the christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub and is the successor of abdul taib mahmud .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and lives in sarawak .
the chief of the defence staff , nigeria , abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in the niger state , graduated from the technical institute , kaduna .
olusegun obasanjo , who is in office while vice president atiku abubakar , is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar .
olusegun obasanjo , who is in office while vice president atiku abubakar , is the successor of abdulsalami abubakar .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain and was a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero is a member of the spanish socialist workers party and was born in galicia ( spain ) .
the united states army is the military branch of abner w sibal who fought in world war ii . the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and is a republican . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway was a member of the military branch of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war under the command of george h . w . bush .
adam holloway was a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and was born in faversham . his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress poland and fought in the polish - soviet war led by leon trotsky .
leon trotsky is the commander of the polish - soviet war which took place in the russian civil war and was fought by adam koc .
deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the ministry for health and worked as both a minister for health employee and a minister for health employee .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy ( greece ) party and is in office while the prime minister is antonis samaras .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant , who is a dutch national , is an employee of the house of representatives .
mark rutte is a leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a member of the socialist party .
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from the radboud university in nijmegen . she then went on to work for the house of representatives .
airey neave has fought in the world war ii and is still in the period 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave , who was active from 1974 - 03 - 04 to 1979 - 03 - 30 , fought in world war ii .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
william m . dawson is the successor of albert b . white who was born in marietta , ohio and had agnes ward white as a spouse .
albert jennings fountain is located in staten island , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires governed by the buenos aires city legislature .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and successor to isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol , austria . he died in graz .
alfred n . phillips ( born in connecticut ) was a representative of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was also a member of the u . s . house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he also worked as a representative .
allan shivers was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was also a member of the democratic party ( united states ) . his successor was wilfred cousins , jr .
alvah sabin was active from 1857 - 03 - 03 and is located in the vermont region where burlington is the largest city .
alvah sabin was born on 23rd october 1793 and is a member of the whig party , which is led by henry clay .
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party ( united states ) , which is the party of alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont .
abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war and albert jennings fountain was born in the united states .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach , who was born in county of tyrol , died .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach , who was born in tyrol , died .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach died in styria and where he was born .
robert e . lee is the commander of the battle of salem church which is part of the american civil war . aaron daggett has fought in the battle of salem church .
ab klink is a dutch national born in stellendam . the euro is the currency in the netherlands .
adam koc is a polish national and one of the ethnic groups in poland is the kashubians . poland uses the polish language .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is located in 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) . its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the orbital period of the 410777 2009 fd is 39447000 . 0 and its periapsis is 88234300000 . 0 . it was discovered by spacewatch .
the minimum temperature of 66063 1998 ro1 is - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) and the maximum temperature is 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) . its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the average speed of 66391 1999 kw4 is 37 . 16 km / s and its apoapsis is 162164091 . 8388 . its density is 2 . 0g .
the orbital period of 1000 piazzia is 488160 . 0 days and its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 . it was discovered on 2015 - 06 - 27 .
the former name of 1001 gaussia was " 1923 oaa907 xc " and is located at 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena is located at 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and its escape velocity is 0 . 0348 ( kilometre per second ) . its mass is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
walter baade is a german national who graduated from the university of gottingen . he is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
james craig watson died in madison wisconsin and was the discoverer of 103 hera which was discovered in 2011 - 08 - 27 .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin and was the discoverer of 103 hera .
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an epoch of 2011 - 08 - 27 .
103 hera ' s escape velocity is 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) and its temperature is 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) . its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
n r pogson is an englishman who was born in nottingham . he is the discoverer of 107 camilla .
1089 tama , formerly known as a904 va , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and its name is from 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama is in apoapsis at 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it was published in 2005 - 11 - 26 .
the former name of 1097 vicia was 1928 pc and it has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas , with a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms , is from the period of 2006 - 12 - 31 and has an epoch of 139705000 . 0 .
109 felicitas , with an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was published in 2006 - 12 - 31 .
10 hygiea , with an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) , has an average speed of 16 . 76 ( kilometre per second ) and a period of 5 . 57 days .
10 hygiea , with an area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres , has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 . it is located at 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7kg and its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 . it is from 2006 - 12 - 31 .
110 lydia has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
aaron bertram and suburban legends are both associated with pop music . they are both associated with the genre of associated band or associated musician .
aaron deer originates from the us and is in the genre of indie rock .
aaron deer originates from the united states and is a psychedelia author .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight along with greymachine . he is associated with the genre of black metal .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight and greymachine . he is associated with the genre of drone music .
aaron turner is associated with twilight ( band ) and mamiffer . he is associated with ambient music .
the electric guitar is an instrument of aaron turner who is a member of the genre of black metal and performs in the genre of death metal .
singing is the instrument of aaron turner who is a member of the genre of black metal and performs in the genre of death metal .
the birth date of abradab is 1978 - 11 - 12 and it is associated with the rapper magik and the band kaliber 44 .
magik ( rapper ) and kaliber44 are both associated with the origin of abradab which is from katowice .
ace wilder is a hip hop artist who hails from the disco style of music .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay where the leader is juan afara .
the associated band and associated musical artist of al anderson ( nrbq band ) is nrbq . they use the instrument of singing .
the genre of alan fro ' s music is rock . it is also a genre of bhangra ( music ) .
albennie jones is a genre of jazz which originated from blues . afrobeat is a genre of jazz .
albennie jones , who was born in errata , mississippi , was a disco derivative .
aleksandra kovac is associated with the genre of pop music and is the sister of bebi dol . k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and bebi dol are all associated with aleksandra kovac .
aleksandra kovac is associated with bebi dol and kornelije kovac . she is in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac is associated with the genre of rhythm and blues . she is the sister of kovac sisters duo kristina kovac and k2 .
alex day ' s genre is synthpop which is a subgenre of pop music . disco is a subgenre of synthpop .
alfred goddard jones was born in england and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
the united kingdom national , alfred garth jones , was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester ( led by the labour party ) and died in sidcup .
the leader of london is boris johnson and alfred garth jones died in sidcup .
alison o ' donnell is associated with flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she is a folk musician of ireland .
alison o ' donnell is associated with the genre of folk music and is the singer of the folk songs flibbertigibbet and mellow candle .
alison o ' donnell , who uses a voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp , is a jazz singer .
alison o ' donnell , a jazz singer , has a record label called static caravan records . one of the types of music that alison o ' donnell performs is funk .
allen forrest ( born in dothan , alabama ) performs as a solo singer and is in the genre of pop music .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and was a solo singer .
andrew white is a musician in the genre of alternative rock which originated in new wave music .
the band anders osborne is associated with billy iuso and tab benoit . the band is also associated with kirk joseph .
anders osborne is a rock musician who has a record label called rabadash records . bhangra is a genre of music .
the singer andra is associated with puya and crbl . she is a dance - pop singer .
marius moga and andreea balan are both associated with the genre of rhythm and blues . the singer andra is in this genre .
the background of andra ( singer ) is that he is a solo singer . he is a disco derivative .
christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn are both associated with the genre of trance music , that is , andrew rayel ' s music .
jonathan mendelsohn and bobina are both associated with the genre of trance music , that is , of andrew rayel .
jwaydan moyine and andrew rayel are associated with house music and associated with the genre of the christian burns .
marry banilow and andrew white are both associated with the record label universal records ( defunct record label ) and are both musicians .
aaron bertram , who is associated with suburban legends , is a ska punk who originates from the genre of ska .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the 1955 dodge has a v8 engine and a 3 speed automatic transmission . it is also known as the dodge coronet .
a - rosa luna , a 125800 . 0 ( millimetre ) cruise ship , was ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
a - rosa luna has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a displacement of 1850 tonnes . it is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long .
aida cruises is the operator of aida tours which is owned by costa crociere and is located in germany .
the christening date of aid astella was 2013 - 03 - 16 . it was in service by 2013 - 03 - 17 . its length is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york , is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
alv x - 1 is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the inhabitants are known as americans .
alv x - 1 is from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
alv x - 1 , which has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a total of 1 , launches from 2 rocket stages .
abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine and was produced in 1958 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a width of 1 . 55 and a 2160 . 0 ( millimetre ) wheelbase . it is a two door coupe .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , built by arctech helsinki shipyard and helsinki , has a beam of 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to the mean of transportation , was assembled in italy , the capital of which is rome .
the lancia thema is the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 which is located in italy , the capital of which is rome .
the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 , which is assembled in arese , is the lancia thema .
the mean of transportation for alfa romeo 164 is the fiat croma and saab 9000 . it is assembled in milan .
alhambra is 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long and has a ship launch date of 1855 - 05 - 31 .
alhambra was launched 1855 - 05 - 31 and has a beam of 8 . 3 m and a launch date of 1855 - 05 - 31 . it is now a wreck .
alvis speed25 is made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . its engine is petrol .
the eagle was the car model of the amc matador which was manufactured by american motors who have roy d chapin jr . as one of their key people .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares which is comparable to delta ii , originating from the united states .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares , a rocket that can be found at the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
ariane 5 , manufactured by arianespace , is the launch site for ela - 3 , which is located in guiana space centre .
the aston martin v8 was assembled at newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom . its engine is 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3 ( litres ) engine and is assembled in the uk , is related to mean of transportation as aston martin dbs .
atlas ii , launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station , originates from the united states .
atlas ii is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
atlas ii was launched from the cape canaveral air force station in the united states and also from the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the audi a1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and is made in the audi brussels .
audi a1 , which is made by audi , is related to the mean of transportation of seat ibiza and volkswagen polo .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois and was founded in california . aidaluna has the power type of caterpillar inc .
caterpillar inc . is the owner of aidaluna which has the power type caterpillar inc . aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna .
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella which is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii which was launched from vandenberg afb in the united states .
ela - 3 , ariane 5 ' s launch site , is located at guiana space centre , french guiana .
ela - 3 , ariane 5 ' s launch site , is located in french guiana , guiana space centre .
the builder of a - rosa luna is neptun werft based in rostock , germany .
atlas ii is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the demonym for people living there is americans .
aaron hunt is a member of the youth club of goslarer sc 08 and vfl wolfsburg .
aaron hunt has been manager of sv werder bremen ii and plays for vfl wolfsburg .
abel hernandez is part of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club and plays for hull city a . f . c .
abel hernandez is part of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club and plays for penarol . he also plays for the u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams is attached to the club w connection f . c . he also plays for united petrotrin f . c . and his club is palo seco .
akeem ayers , who was once on the los angeles rams , was drafted in the 2nd round and in the 39th round .
akeem ayers , who was once on the st . louis rams , was drafted in the 2nd round and picked 39th in the draft .
akeem dent , born 1987 - 09 - 27 in atlanta , georgia , was a member of the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor . he also plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on the 01 / 01 / 1989 and plays for both hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c .
alan martin is a member of motherwell fc and plays for both accrington stanley f . c . and motherwell fc .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 in tampere , finland . he plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on the 2nd of september , 1995 in tampere , finland . he was a member of the florida panthers draft team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where vladimir putin is the leader .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 , is part of the russia national football team and plays for fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli is in the azal pfk club and plays for olympique lyonnais who have their ground at parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and for us lesquin . he also plays at parc olympique lyonnais .
the manager of alessio romagnoli is sinisa mihajlovic and he plays for the a . c . milan football team . he also plays for the italy national under 16 football team .
the manager of alessio romagnoli is sinisa mihajlovic and he plays for a . c . milan . he also plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club and plays for the italy national under 16 football team coached by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the u . c . sampdoria . he also plays for the italy national under 17 football team .
alex plante , born in brandon , manitoba , stands 1 . 9304 metres and plays for anyang hanna .
alex plante , born in canada , plays for anyang hanna and has a height of 1 . 9304 .
alex tyus is in the euroleague , plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . and has been the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . zvi sherf has been the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
aleksandr prudnikov is part of the club fc tom tomsk and plays for fc spartak moscow at the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov is part of the youth club of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc anzhi makhachkala . he also plays at the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who have been managed by valery petrakov and played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . and plays for the uruguay olympic football team . abel hernandez is a member of the hull city a . f . c .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in moscow , died in russia . sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of the real madrid castilla and also plays for the brazil under 20 football team . abner ( footballer ) is a member of the real madrid castilla .
the manager of real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramis . abner is a footballer who plays for c . d . fas .
francis g slay is the leader of st louis which is part of greater st louis and where alex tyus was born .
akeem ayers ( formerly of the new england patriots ) played for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is part of the trinidad and tobago national under 20 football team and plays for both united petrotrin f . c . and palo seco .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii in the 3 liga league . the manager of which is alexander nouri .
abel hernandez is in the hull city a . f . c . youth club and plays for penarol . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c .
the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva . abel hernandez plays for both central espanol and us citta di palermo .
giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo who play in the serie a league . abel hernandez is a member of the youthclub penarol and plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12 , 1986 and is 94 . 8024 kilograms in weight .
don sweeney is the general manager of the boston bruins and he is also the manager of the columbus blue jackets who are based in columbus , ohio . adam mcquaid , who played for the boston bruins , also played for the columbus blue jackets .
akeem ayers was born on the 10th of july in 1989 . he previously played for the st louis rams and the tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born on the 27th of september 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he previously played for houston texans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 27th of september 1987 . he previously played for the atlanta falcons and houston texans .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc and al - kharaitiyat sc . alaa abdul - zahra plays for amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc who have their ground at al khor . the manager of which is amar osim .
the manager of alaa abdul - zahra is amar osim and he plays for alkharaitiyat sc who have their ground at al khor .
alan martin is a footballer who was born on january 1st , 1989 . he currently plays for crewe alexandra f . c . and hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin was born on the 1st of january in 1989 . he is a member of the scotland under 21 football team and plays for crewe alexandra f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 . he is 185 cm tall and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on the 24th of february in 1989 . he plays for fc spartak moscow and previously for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni . he has a height of 178 . 0 centimetres .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada . he played for anyang hanna and his birth date is 05 / 09 / 1989 .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang hanna .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada , the language is inuktitut and the leader is elizabeth ii .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the country ' s anthem is o canada , the leader is elizabeth ii and one of the ethnic groups is asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is o canada . the country uses the slavey language .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny who have their ground in grozny and are managed by rashid rakhimov . he also plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who have aleksandr tukmanov as their manager and are in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
akeem dent , who played for the atlanta falcons , previously played for the houston texans , who are located in houston , texas .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and manages the youth club penarol . he also plays for the uruguayan primera division . steve bruce is the manager of hull city afc .
the orbital period of 1925 kw8 is 8788850000 . 0 . its periapsis is 6155910000000 . 0 , its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 and its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the orbital period of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 360 days . it was discovered in 2013 and has an escape velocity of 0 . 999 ( kilometre per second ) . its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the mean temperature of 66063 1998 ro1 is 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) . its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and its orbital period is 360 . 29 days . it was discovered on nov 4 , 2013 .
the orbital period of 1000 piazzia is 488160 . 0 days . it is located at 352497000000 . 0 and has a velocity of 0 . 0252 ( kilometre per second ) .
the former name of 1001 gaussia was " 1923 oaa907 xc " and it was discovered in 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
walter baade was born in the german empire and graduated from the university of gottingen with allan sandage as his doctoral student . he is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf . he is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed and his doctoral student was halton arp .
walter baade , who died in west germany , was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed and his doctoral student was halton arp .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera and died of peritonitis .
103 hera is located in 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson was a canadian who died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
n r pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he is the discoverer of 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
n r pogson , who died in chennai , was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla in 2001 - 03 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a904 va , has an orbit period of 1202 . 846 days and its name is from 2005 - 11 - 26 . its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 .
1089 tama is in apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it was discovered on 2005 - 11 - 26 and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1097 vitia is located at 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) from the apoapsis and has a mass of 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) . it is in the 135589000 . 0 period .
109 felicitas , with a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was published on 12 / 31 / 2006 .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 . it was discovered in 2015 - 06 - 27 and has the name a900 ga .
1101 clematis , with an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometre per second ) . it was discovered in 2006 .
the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 183309000 . 0 . it was formerly known as 1928 sj and is located at 445895000000 . 0 periapsis .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 ( kilometre per second ) . its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 and its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
1955 dodge has a v8 engine and a 120 . 0 ( inches ) wheelbase . it was manufactured by dodge .
desoto firedome is a successor to desoto custom , manufactured by desoto ( automobile ) . desoto custom is related to the mean of transportation of 1955 dodge .
aida cruises , which is owned by costa crociere , is the operator of aida cruises , which was built by meyer werft in rostock .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which was built by meyer werft and is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) long . it is owned by costa crociere .
the american locomotive company built alco rs - 3 which was built from may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine is a v12 engine and the transmission is a diesel - electric .
the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs - 3 , which has a v12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . it was built between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the american locomotive company , founded in schenectady , new york , is the builder of alco rs - 3 , which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
montreal locomotive works is the builder of alco rs - 3 which was built between may 1950 and august 1956 . the engine is a v12 and the transmission is a diesel - electric .
montreal locomotive works is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine . it was built between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , is made in mexico city and has the engine of the amc v8 engine . it has the body style of a station wagon .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , is made in kenosha , wisconsin and has the amc straight - 6 engine .
marysville , ohio is the location of the assembly of the acura tlx . the tlx is front - wheel driven and all - wheel drive and has a honda k engine .
marysville auto plant assembles the acura tlx which has a v6 engine and is classed as a luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , a 21 . 2 beam , was built by arctech helsinki shipyard and is in service .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built in helsinki , finland . the leader of finland is juha sipila and the people are known as finns .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built by arctech helsinki shipyard and helsinki . it is currently in service and has a beam of 21 . 2 .
the straight - four engine alfa romeo 164 , which has the engine of straight - four and the transportation of the mean of transportation saab 9000 , was assembled in italy .
the v6 engine in the alfa romeo 164 , which is made in italy and assembly in italy , has a mean of transportation that is similar to that of the saab 9000 .
alhambra , with a length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was launched on 1855 - 05 - 31 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3 m .
rover company is the successor company to alvis speed 25 which was manufactured by alvis car and engineering company . the company was founded in coventry . its engine is petrol .
the straight - six engine alvis speed 25 was made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and is the successor of the rover company .
eagle ( automobile ) is the successor to the american motors amc matador , manufactured by american motors , has key person roy d chapin jr .
the american submarine nr - 1 , built by general dynamics electric boat , has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a beam of 3 . 8 metres . it was launched on 1969 - 01 - 25 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched in 1969 and has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a beam of 3 . 8 m .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares , a rocket that was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport on the 28th of april 2013 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares , a rocket that was launched on the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad on the 21st of april 2013 and has a final flight on the 18th of september 2013 .
the capital of the united kingdom is london and is where the assembly of aston martin v8 , a successor to aston martin viraage , was done .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom and has the engine of 5 . 3 ( litres ) and the rham / 1 as a related mean of transportation .
the successor of the aston martin v8 is the aston martin virage which has a 5 . 3 ( litres ) engine .
atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and a final flight from 2002 - 12 - 05 , was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
the audi a1 , which has a 1 . 2 ( litres ) engine , is a supermini and is assembled in audi brussels .
the audi a1 was made by audi , which was founded by august horch . it is a subsidiary of ducati and a member of the audi e - tron division .
caterpillar inc . is located in illinois and was founded in california . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and has the power type of caterpillar inc .
aid astella is owned by costa crociere in genoa . it was built by meyer werft and is operated by aida cruises .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii which was launched from cape canaveral air force station in the united states .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex at cape canaveral . the origin of delta ii is the united states .
alfa romeo 164 is in the sedan body style and is made in italy . it was assembled in italy and has the mean of transportation , opel vectra .
alfa romeo 164 is an automobile based alfa romeo . it was assembled in milan and has the mean of transportation of opel vectra .
the parent company of general dynamics electric boat is general dynamics . they are located in groton , connecticut and build the american submarine nr - 1 which has a 3 . 8 m beam .
stanislaw tillich is a leader in germany where a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington dc and english is the language spoken . the atlas ii is from the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the inhabitants are known as americans and the capital city is washington d . c .
aaron bertram is associated with the genre of ska punk . he is the member of the band suburban legends and the band associated with the genre , kids imagine nation . brian robertson is a trombonist in the band .
aaron deer , a solo singer , originates from indianapolis , indiana . it is a genre of psychedelia .
aaron turner is associated with the isis ( band ) and sumac ( band ) and is in the genre of electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight and the band old man gloom . he has been associated with the genre post - metal and has been active since 1995 .
aaron turner is associated with the band sumac and plays the electric guitar . he is a member of the genre of black metal and is in the genre of death metal .
ace wilder was born on 23 july 1982 in stockholm . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden on 23 july 1982 . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder ( born in 1982 in stockholm ) is a solo singer .
ace wilder , born in sweden in 1982 , is a solo singer .
ahmet ertegun is from washington , d . c . and was born in the united states . he is a rhythm and blues artist .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the origin of the character ahmet ertegun can be found . the genre of rock and roll comes from blues music .
albennie jones originates from the genre of rhythm and blues . it was published in 1950 and is disco - based .
the birth place of albennie jones is the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the genre of albennie jones comes from the blues .
aleksandra kovac , born in 1972 in belgrade , is a singer in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia . she is a solo singer .
chameleon circuit ( band ) and acoustic musician alex day have been associated since 2006 .
chameleon circuit ( band ) and alex day are both associated with electronic music . alex day has been active since 2006 and has charlie mcdonnell as an associated musician .
alfred goddard jones was born in england in 1872 . he died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . montevideo is lead by daniel martinez and is inhabited by uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa , born in uruguay , is a solo singer . his background is candombe . his record label is rca records .
alison o ' donnell is a folk musician who is associated with bajik and has been associated with flibbertigibbet since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a folk musician who is associated with mellow candle and has been associated with head south by weaving since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer who has been recorded by deram records ( located in london ) and floating world records ( located in london ) .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer who has been recorded by deram records , fruits de mer records and is located in london .
acoustic music singer allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell .
allen forrest , born in 1981 in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al , is a hip hop artist .
marry banilow is an associated member of the band the marry banilow . they are associated with the genre of alternative rock , which is a fusion of punk rock and nu metal .
anders osborne is associated with both the rock genre and the tab benoit and billy iuso bands . he is also associated with the galactic music genre .
anders osborne has a record label called shanachie records and alligator records which is located in chicago .
singing singer andra , who was born in romania , is a dance - pop singer .
andra ' s ( singer ) genre is rhythm and blues . it is also related to disco and funk .
christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn are both associated with the genre of trance music . andrew rayel is a member of the associated band of christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn and has been active since 2009 .
jwaydan moyine and christian burns are both associated with the genre of trance music . andrew rayel is associated with the genre of house music .
andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and has been associated with marry banilow . he has been associated with the band marry banilow since 2003 and performs in the genre of alternative rock .
andrew white is a musician who is associated with the kaiser chiefs and marry banilow . he has been associated with universal records ( defunct record label ) since 2003 .
agustin barboza died in paraguay where the leader is juan afara . asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with the wildweeds and performs in the country music genre . the band is also associated with nrbq and uses the banjo as an instrument .
the disco style of hip hop music , which is a derivative of drum and bass , is stylised by allen forrest , who is a member of the disco genre .
alfred garwick jones was born in england and died in manchester ( part of greater manchester ) where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
aaron turner is associated with the house of low culture and is associated with the band twilight . he is the composer of post - metal and the instrument of cello .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight ( band ) and plays the electric guitar . he is also in the genre of black metal , which is associated with death metal .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albennie jones was born . albennie jones , a blues writer , was published in the united states .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the american civil war . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of the wilderness . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury .
ab klink was born in the netherlands . he attended the erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with the association of mbas . he then worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . he is part of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and lives in asajaya .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and lives in asajaya .
adenan satem ( born in japanese occupation of british borneo ) is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who lives in sarawak and is part of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party .
adenan satem ( born in japanese occupation of british borneo ) is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who lives in sarawak and is part of the party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
oladipo diya was the successor of mike achigbe who was vice president while abdulsalami abubakar was serving as a member of the military branch of the nigerian army .
the nigerian air force is the military branch of the abdulsalami abubakar , who is the vice president . oladipo diya was the previous vice president and he was succeeded by al amin daggash .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is in office while juan carlos i of spain is prime minister and felipe gonzalez is in office .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he was a member of the spanish socialist workers party and worked at the ministry of transport .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where abraham a ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . his wife is casey ribicoff .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from the magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 - 05 . he has fought in the gulf war .
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war . joseph stalin was the commander of that war .
adam koc died in new york city . he fought in the polish - soviet war which was a part of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was vice president of new democracy and was succeeded by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked for the ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) and is the successor of makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the hellenic parliament , and successor to makis voridis .
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where the dutch agnes kant comes from . the leader of the socialist party of the netherlands is emile roemer .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the country is home to the dutch agnes kant . she is a member of the socialist party and has worked at the house of representatives .
mark rutte is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) where emile roemer is a member of the party . agnes kant is a dutch national .
agnes kant is a dutch national led by the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer and the red colour is associated with the party .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in battle at the battle of france in 1953 - 06 - 30 . his active years ended in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in battle at battle of france in 1974 - 03 - 04 . he is now retired and his active years ended in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave , a member of the royal artillery , fought in world war ii . his commander was chiang kai shek and he also fought in world war i .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , ohio and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m . o dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was active from 1901 - 03 - 04 to 1903 - 04 . he was succeeded by william m . o dawson .
the commander of the american civil war was abraham lincoln and the american civil war was fought at albert jennings fountain in new york where the french language is spoken .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he fought in the american civil war under jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico territory , united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where alberto teisaire was in office while president juan peron was in office . teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and was appointed provisional president of the argentine senate . isaac rojas was his successor .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was appointed by the governor of north carolina . he was a student at the university of north carolina .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the u . s . army who fought in the whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips ( born in connecticut ) was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) . albert e . austin was his successor .
albert e austin was mayor of stamford , connecticut where alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and is the successor of albert e austin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was appointed as the governor of texas . price daniel was his successor .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . he served as a member of the governor of texas and is the successor of wilfred cousins , jr .
alvah sabin is from the state of vermont , which has the largest city of burlington and is the location of the 3rd congressional district . sabin was also the secretary of state of vermont .
the leader of the whig party ( united states ) is daniel webster . the party is part of the vermont region where the largest city is burlington .
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart . he has fought in the battle of gettysburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee .
alberto teisaire , who is originally from argentina , is in office while president of the labour party of argentina .
the successor of alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was isaac rojas , and he was in office while president .
aida cruises is located in germany and the parent company of aida cruises is carnival corporation . aida cruises is owned by costa cruiere who are the builders of aida cruises .
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella which was built by meyer werft . it has a beam of 32 . 2 metres and a top speed of 38 . 892 .
the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) and has a four - stroke engine . it was built between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has 12 cylinders and was built between may 1950 and august 1956 .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group , the capital is washington dc and the national anthem is the star spangled banner .
amc matador , also known as american motors matador , is made in the thames , new zealand and is classed as a mid - size car . its engine is the amc v8 engine .
p & o ( company ) is located in london and owns alhambra . the beam of alhambra is 8 . 3 m and it is powered by humphrys , tennant and dykes .
roy chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors which is a subsidiary of wheel horse . they are the manufacturer of the amc matador which was designed by chrysler .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which was launched on 1969 - 01 - 25 , has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) and a draft of 4 . 6 m . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a beam of 3 . 8 m .
the rocket antares , which is comparable to delta ii , was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport in the united states . the launch pad for this rocket is known as the launch pad 0 and the associated rocket is known as the minotaur iv .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares which has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and a launch site at the mid atlantic regional spaceport . the rocket ' s maiden flight was on 28 october 2014 and it ' s final flight was on 13 july 2014 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares , a rocket with a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and a launch site at the mid atlantic regional spaceport . the rocket ' s maiden flight was on october 28 , 2014 and its final flight was on september 18 , 2013 .
ariane 5 , with a diameter of 5 . 4 metres , was launched from guiana space centre . it was the maiden flight of ariane 5 , which was manufactured by airbus defence and space .
the arianespace launch site for ariane 5 is located at ela - 3 , which is located in courcouronnes , french guiana .
the successor of the aston martin v8 is the aston martin vantage . it was made in newport pagnell and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
the aston martin v8 is an assembly at newport pagnell and has the engine of 5 . 3 ( litres ) . it has the body style of a coupe and is related to the mean of transportation , aston martin rham / 1 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom which is where the assembly of aston martin v8 , a successor to aston martin vantage , is located . the latter is manufactured in the united kingdom .
the audi a1 is made in brussels , belgium and has a 1 . 2 litre engine . it has a hatchback body style and is front - engine , front - wheel drive .
the audi a1 was made by audi , which was founded by august horch . the audi a1 is a subsidiary of audi e - tron and lamborghini .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois , united states . aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna which has the power type of caterpillar inc .
founded in the united states , aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna which has the power type of caterpillar inc . douglas r . oberhelman is a key person in the company . aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and is the power type of caterpillar inc . , which was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the company ' s key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
the parent company of aid astella is carnival corporation & plc and it is located in genoa . it was built by meyer werft and is operated by aida cruises .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built by arctech helsinki shipyard and the finland . the leader of finland is juha sipila and the sami languages are spoken there .
joachim gauck is the leader of germany which has the capital city of berlin . the country is the location of the builder neptun werft in rostock , germany .
the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle . a - rosa luna was built in rostock , germany .
atlas ii is from the united states , where english is the language and the natives are known as americans . the capital of the us is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans .
the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva . the youth club of abel hernandez is central espanol who play in the uruguayan segunda division .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia where valentina matviyenko is the leader . he played for fc torpedo moscow who have been managed by valery petrakov .
aleksandre guruli is attached to the club fc karpaty lviv . he plays for olympique lyonnais who have their ground at parc olympique lyonnais . oleh lukhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
defender ( football ) alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan who have had sinisa mihajlovic as their manager . he also plays for u . c . sampdoria .
the manager of a . c . milan is sinisa mihajlovic . the club has the chairman silvio berlusconi as well as sinisa mihajlovic . alessio romagnoli is a member of the italy national under 17 football team and plays for u . c . sampdoria .
the u . s . citta di palermo are managed by giuseppe iachini . he is also the manager of abel hernandez , who is in the uruguayan segunda division of the league in central espanol .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for both fc spartak moscow and fc amkar perm . he is also the manager of fc spartak moscow who have the otkryti arena as their ground . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and is the manager of fc terek grozny . the ground of fc terek grozny is located in grozny . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov .
aleksandr prudnikov is the manager of fc terek grozny who have their ground in grozny . he also plays for fc dynamo moscow and is part of the youth club of fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union . he plays for fc torpedo moscow who have been managed by valery petrakov . they played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
ferencvarosi tc play at the ground palo seco and their manager is thomas doll . the club ' s chairman is gabor kubatov and the player is akeem adams who plays for ferencvarosi tc .
ferencvarosi tc have the ground at palo seco velodrome and their manager is thomas doll . they have the chairman gabor kubatov as well as akeem adams who plays for ferencvarosi tc .
the orbital period of the 1995 kw8 is 8788850000 . 0 . its mass is 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and its periapsis is 6155910000000 . 0 . its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it was discovered in 2006 - 12 - 31 and is in the year 2006 .
james craig watson was a canadian who died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 101 helena and discovered it on august 15 , 1868 .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 101 helena and died of peritonitis .
walter baade was born in the german empire and died in gottingen . he was a doctoral student at the university of gottingen and is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in germany and studied at the university of gottingen . he is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed and his doctoral students were allan sandage and halton arp .
walter baade is a german national who was born in the german empire . he is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed and his doctoral student allan sandage .
james craig watson , a canadian , was the discoverer of 103 hera . born in 1868 - 09 - 07 in madison , wisconsin , he died in wisconsin .
103 hera is located in periapsis 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it was discovered by james craig watson , who was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin .
b zellner is the discoverer of 107 camilla which has an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
c . woods is the discoverer of 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it was discovered on december 31 , 2006 .
f . vilas is the discoverer of 107 camilla which has an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 ( days ) and its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
n r pogson is an englishman who was born in nottingham . he died in chennai . he is the discoverer of 107 camilla which is 7 . 08 in magnitude .
1089 tama , formerly known as a919 ha , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) . it is located at 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( days ) . it was created in 2005 - 11 - 26 and has the former name of a919 ha .
the mass of 1101 clematis is 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) . it is in 2006 and its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . its escape velocity is 0 . 02 ( kilometre per second ) .
11264 claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an apoapsis of 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 ( days ) and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . its temperature is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
abdul taib mahmud was born on the 21st of may , 1936 in miri , malaysia . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and currently resides in kuching .
adenan satem is the successor to abdul taib mahmud who was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he currently resides at demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak and his alma mater is the university of adelaide .
oladipo diya is the military branch of the nigerian navy and mike akhigbe , who was vice president of the country , served from 1999 - 05 - 29 . oladipo diya is the successor of atiku abubakar and abdulsalami abubakar is in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in office while vice president . mike akhigbe was the predecessor of oladipo diya . the nigerian army is the military branch of the nigerian army .
american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is a member of the democratic party . he served as governor of connecticut and died in the united states .
united states secretary of health , education , and welfare , abraham a . ribicoff , was born in connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party and died in new york city .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york .
adam holloway was born in kent . he was a member of parliament for gravesham . he was a member of the grenadier guards and was hired as a member of parliament for gravesham in 2005 - 05 .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england . he is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and was a member of the grenadier guards . he began his military career in 2005 - 05 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he is the successor to makis voridis and was born in office while the prime minister was antonis samaras .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant , a dutch national , is an employee of the house of representatives and also works as a house of representative . agnes kant is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) . emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
mark rutte and khadija arib are leaders of the netherlands where agnes kant is a dutch national . she lives in doesburg and has an office at the house of representatives .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a dutch national . agnes kant lives in doesburg and is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) . emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , west virginia and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his wife was agnes ward white and he was successor to william m . o dawson .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and married agnes ward white . he served as governor of west virginia and died on march 4th , 1905 . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and joined the republican party in the united states . he was a member of the 1900 - 03 - 04 started on 3 / 04 and has now retired .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire was in office while president juan peron was a member of the labour party ( argentina ) . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born on 20 may 1891 in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and was appointed provisional president of the argentine senate .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in styria .
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
alvah sabin was born in sycamore , illinois and died in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . he was active from 1857 - 03 - 03 and died in vermont .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . he is from the 3rd congressional district of vermont .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where alfred moore scales was fought in the battle of gettysburg . the american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis .
alfred moore scales was from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the siege of petersburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
alberto teisaire is an argentine national who was in office while president . he is married to eva peron and is a member of the labour party ( argentina ) .
aaron bertram is associated with the genre of ska punk and associated with the band kids imagine nation and suburban legends . brian robertson is a trombonist in the band .
aaron deer is an indie rock singer from the united states . he was born in indiana and is associated with wee giant .
aaron turner was born in the united states in 1995 . he is associated with the black metal genre . he is associated with the old man gloom band and the lotus eaters ( band ) .
aaron turner ( born in massachusetts ) is associated with the band twilight and the band lotus eaters . he is associated with the genre of sludge metal and has been active since 1995 .
the birth place of abradab is katowice , poland . the birth date of abradab is 1978 - 11 - 12 and the birth place of magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 .
singing singer ace wilder was born on 23 july 1982 in sweden .
ace wilder was born on 23 july 1982 in stockholm . he was a solo singer and wrote .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music , which is a subgenre of gangsta rap and disco . the latter is a sub - genre of hip hop music , originating from funk and drum and bass .
ace wilder was born in sweden and is part of the disco genre of hip hop music . the genre is related to that of disco and originates from funk .
the wildweeds are the associated band / associated musical artist of al anderson ( nrbq band ) who was born in windsor , connecticut . the band is associated with nrbq and was formed in 1966 .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with nrbq and is associated with bhangra music . they play the guitar and are associated with nrbq .
alan frew was born in newmarket , ontario , canada . he performed as a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia . she is a solo singer and is in the disco genre .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer from 1990 . she is associated with the band k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and the band kornelije kovac .
the united kingdom national , alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 . he died in london .
the leader of london is boris johnson and the european parliament . alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london ( led by the european parliament ) .
flibbertigibbet is the associated band / associated musical artist of alison o ' donnell who is associated with folk music of ireland . her active years started in 1963 and she has recorded on floating world records .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer who has recorded for deram records ( located in london ) and stanyan records ( located in london ) .
alison o ' donnell has an instrument called an autoharp and is a member of the genre of jazz which is a sub - genre of afrobeat . it originates from folk music and is also a sub - genre of funk .
alison o ' donnell ' s instrument is the bodhran , the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp . she originated as a jazz musician , which is a sub - genre of blues music .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer .
anders osborne is a rock musician who was born in 1989 . he is associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars and the associated band voice of the wetlands all - stars . he has also been associated with the galactic .
anders osborne is a blues musician who was born in 1989 . he is associated with tab benoit and the galactic band . billy iuso is also an associated band / associated musician of anders osborne .
andra was born in 1986 in campia turzii . he is a singer , who is in the genre of dance - pop . he is a reality television judge .
the singer andra was born in romania in 1986 . he is a solo singer and a member of the rhythm and blues genre .
armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi and andrew rayel are all associated with the genre of trance music .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and is associated with christian burns and armin van buuren . he has been associated with the genre of trance music and has been active since 2009 .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and is associated with jwaydan moyine and bobina . he has been active since 2009 and is a trance musician .
jwaydan moyine and john digweed are both associated with the genre of trance music . andrew rayel is associated with the genre of andrew rayel is associated with the genre of trance music and plays the stringed instrument . christian burns is associated with the genre of andrew rayel is associated with the genre of andrew rayel is associated with the genre of andrew rayel is associated with the genre of andrew rayel is associated with the genre of andrew rayel is associated with the genre of andrew
andrew white is a musician who has been associated with kaiser chiefs and marry banilow . he has been associated with b unique records , polydor records and b unique records . his active year was 2003 .
allen forrest is a member of the disco genre of hip hop music . he was born in fort campbell and is part of the disco genre . drum and bass is also a style of hip hop music .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . he is a member of the disco genre of hip hop music , which is influenced by the drum and bass .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , the leader of which is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in sidcup .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara and their language is spanish . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the mestizos .
andrew white is a musician who is part of the nu metal genre . he is the lead singer of alternative rock band which can be found in london and is affiliated with the record label b unique records .
polydor records is located in london and is the record label for andrew white who is part of the genre of alternative rock . nu metal is one of the genres of alternative rock and polydor records is the label for andrew white .
bhangra is the name of the style of music that can be found in the country . it can also be found in the genre of rock music , which is where al anderson ( nrbq band ) comes from . they play the guitar and are part of the genre of rock music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a fusion of blues and country music . the genre of rock music comes from the genre of bhangra ( music ) .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight ( band ) and has the electric guitar . he is associated with the band old man gloom and is in the genre of black metal . death metal is a genre of music .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of the country is raul fernando sendic rodriguez and the spanish language is spoken .
