the character , april o ' neal , was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc . (id2)
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich . (id3)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
bo bibbowski ' s full name is bibbo bibbowski . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
jon valor is also known as black pirate . (id7)
john buscema won the eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel is an american . (id9)
marv wolfman won the kirby award . (id10)
peter laird is from the united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
april o ' neal was created by peter laird , a united states national . (id13)
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc . (id14)
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was shown on stv . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman . (id16)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit . (id18)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle . (id19)
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway . (id21)
the character bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . (id22)
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is a french national . (id23)
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 . (id24)
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . baymax first appeared in the film . (id25)
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . (id26)
the film big hero 6 , starring ryan potter , was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . baymax is a character in the film . (id27)
the comic character blockbuster is also known as mark desmond and was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox . (id28)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin . (id29)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id30)
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house in london . it broadcasts bananaman and uses bbc radio . (id31)
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983 . (id32)
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american , duncan rouleau . (id33)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon . (id34)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . (id35)
