the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent played for atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
basim qasim manages al - zawra ' a sc .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academic f . c .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . has a height of 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays in the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
the youth club of alessio romagnoli is a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is the name of the city of atlanta falcons .
the general manager of the boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is in hungary .
english is the language spoken in canada .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets play in columbus , ohio .
oleh lukshny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the finnish language is spoken in finland .
the coach of the italy national under 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
motherwell f . c . ground is fir park .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams is located in st . louis .
the tennessee titans are located in nashville , tennessee .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol who have jorge orosman da silva as their manager .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher plays for both az alkmaar and the netherlands national under 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and the netherlands national under 17 football team .
steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc are clubs for ahmad kadhim assad .
thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc which is the club of akeem adams .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team and plays for t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , who was once a member of the new england patriots , was drafted in 39 .
akeem ayers was a former member of the tennessee titans and was selected 39th in the draft .
akeem dent was born on the 27th of september 1987 and his birth date is 1987 - 09 - 27 .
akeem priestley is in the sheikh russel kansas club and plays for connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for rops and for sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club whose ground is al - khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc who have been managed by amar osim .
alan martin is a member of the hamilton academical f . c . and also plays for leeds united f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academic f . c . , whose ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who have as their manager valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for both fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk who play in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus , who was born 1988 - 01 - 08 , plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon manitoba where alex plante was born .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
english is the language of canada where adam mcquaid was born .
the manager of fc dinamo batumi is levan khomeriki and his club is fc dinamo batumi . aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and his club is fc spartak moscow . the home ground of fc spartak moscow is otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops who play in the veikkausliiga .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . at the palo seco velodrome .
aaron hunt is a member of the youth club of goslarer sc 08 and vfl wolfsburg .
aaron hunt has been manager of sv werder bremen ii and plays for vfl wolfsburg .
abel hernandez is part of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club and plays for hull city a . f . c .
abel hernandez is part of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club and plays for penarol . he also plays for the u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams is attached to the club w connection f . c . he also plays for united petrotrin f . c . and his club is palo seco .
akeem ayers , who was once on the los angeles rams , was drafted in the 2nd round and in the 39th round .
akeem ayers , who was once on the st . louis rams , was drafted in the 2nd round and picked 39th in the draft .
akeem dent , born 1987 - 09 - 27 in atlanta , georgia , was a member of the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor . he also plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on the 01 / 01 / 1989 and plays for both hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c .
alan martin is a member of motherwell fc and plays for both accrington stanley f . c . and motherwell fc .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 in tampere , finland . he plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on the 2nd of september , 1995 in tampere , finland . he was a member of the florida panthers draft team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where vladimir putin is the leader .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 , is part of the russia national football team and plays for fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli is in the azal pfk club and plays for olympique lyonnais who have their ground at parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and for us lesquin . he also plays at parc olympique lyonnais .
the manager of alessio romagnoli is sinisa mihajlovic and he plays for the a . c . milan football team . he also plays for the italy national under 16 football team .
the manager of alessio romagnoli is sinisa mihajlovic and he plays for a . c . milan . he also plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club and plays for the italy national under 16 football team coached by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for the u . c . sampdoria . he also plays for the italy national under 17 football team .
alex plante , born in brandon , manitoba , stands 1 . 9304 metres and plays for anyang hanna .
alex plante , born in canada , plays for anyang hanna and has a height of 1 . 9304 .
alex tyus is in the euroleague , plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . and has been the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . zvi sherf has been the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
aleksandr prudnikov is part of the club fc tom tomsk and plays for fc spartak moscow at the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov is part of the youth club of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc anzhi makhachkala . he also plays at the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who have been managed by valery petrakov and played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . and plays for the uruguay olympic football team . abel hernandez is a member of the hull city a . f . c .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in moscow , died in russia . sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of the real madrid castilla and also plays for the brazil under 20 football team . abner ( footballer ) is a member of the real madrid castilla .
the manager of real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramis . abner is a footballer who plays for c . d . fas .
francis g slay is the leader of st louis which is part of greater st louis and where alex tyus was born .
akeem ayers ( formerly of the new england patriots ) played for the tennessee titans who are based in nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is part of the trinidad and tobago national under 20 football team and plays for both united petrotrin f . c . and palo seco .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii in the 3 liga league . the manager of which is alexander nouri .
abel hernandez is in the hull city a . f . c . youth club and plays for penarol . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c .
the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva . abel hernandez plays for both central espanol and us citta di palermo .
giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo who play in the serie a league . abel hernandez is a member of the youthclub penarol and plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12 , 1986 and is 94 . 8024 kilograms in weight .
don sweeney is the general manager of the boston bruins and he is also the manager of the columbus blue jackets who are based in columbus , ohio . adam mcquaid , who played for the boston bruins , also played for the columbus blue jackets .
akeem ayers was born on the 10th of july in 1989 . he previously played for the st louis rams and the tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born on the 27th of september 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he previously played for houston texans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 27th of september 1987 . he previously played for the atlanta falcons and houston texans .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc and al - kharaitiyat sc . alaa abdul - zahra plays for amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc who have their ground at al khor . the manager of which is amar osim .
the manager of alaa abdul - zahra is amar osim and he plays for alkharaitiyat sc who have their ground at al khor .
alan martin is a footballer who was born on january 1st , 1989 . he currently plays for crewe alexandra f . c . and hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin was born on the 1st of january in 1989 . he is a member of the scotland under 21 football team and plays for crewe alexandra f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 . he is 185 cm tall and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on the 24th of february in 1989 . he plays for fc spartak moscow and previously for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni . he has a height of 178 . 0 centimetres .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada . he played for anyang hanna and his birth date is 05 / 09 / 1989 .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang hanna .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada , the language is inuktitut and the leader is elizabeth ii .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the country ' s anthem is o canada , the leader is elizabeth ii and one of the ethnic groups is asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is o canada . the country uses the slavey language .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny who have their ground in grozny and are managed by rashid rakhimov . he also plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who have aleksandr tukmanov as their manager and are in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
akeem dent , who played for the atlanta falcons , previously played for the houston texans , who are located in houston , texas .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and manages the youth club penarol . he also plays for the uruguayan primera division . steve bruce is the manager of hull city afc .
the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva . the youth club of abel hernandez is central espanol who play in the uruguayan segunda division .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia where valentina matviyenko is the leader . he played for fc torpedo moscow who have been managed by valery petrakov .
aleksandre guruli is attached to the club fc karpaty lviv . he plays for olympique lyonnais who have their ground at parc olympique lyonnais . oleh lukhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
defender ( football ) alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan who have had sinisa mihajlovic as their manager . he also plays for u . c . sampdoria .
the manager of a . c . milan is sinisa mihajlovic . the club has the chairman silvio berlusconi as well as sinisa mihajlovic . alessio romagnoli is a member of the italy national under 17 football team and plays for u . c . sampdoria .
the u . s . citta di palermo are managed by giuseppe iachini . he is also the manager of abel hernandez , who is in the uruguayan segunda division of the league in central espanol .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for both fc spartak moscow and fc amkar perm . he is also the manager of fc spartak moscow who have the otkryti arena as their ground . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and is the manager of fc terek grozny . the ground of fc terek grozny is located in grozny . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov .
aleksandr prudnikov is the manager of fc terek grozny who have their ground in grozny . he also plays for fc dynamo moscow and is part of the youth club of fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union . he plays for fc torpedo moscow who have been managed by valery petrakov . they played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
ferencvarosi tc play at the ground palo seco and their manager is thomas doll . the club ' s chairman is gabor kubatov and the player is akeem adams who plays for ferencvarosi tc .
ferencvarosi tc have the ground at palo seco velodrome and their manager is thomas doll . they have the chairman gabor kubatov as well as akeem adams who plays for ferencvarosi tc .
