103 colmore row in birmingham was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 with 23 floors .
coloured people are an ethnic group in south africa which has cape town as its capital . the country is the location of 11 diagonal street .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , where cleveland city council is the governing body .
250 delaware avenue cost 110 million dollars and is located in buffalo , new york . it has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres . it was completed in 2009 .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the brazilians .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group from japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia . the hall was completed on june 1st , 2009 .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , part of which is brooklyn . manhattan is led by cyrus vance jr .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the postcode ' b ' and is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which has the b postcode and is led by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat while sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan , where brazilians are an ethnic group .
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london , the capital of the united kingdom . the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is president joe biden . english is the language spoken in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania and was established in the year 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is called turk sehitleri aniti and is located in azerbaijan . baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument established on 11 july 1907 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze and is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . the leader of turkey is known as the president of turkey .
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the city of albany in georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) and the area code is 505 , 575 .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county in georgia , united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . the capital of texas is austin .
the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol in anaheim , california where the spanish language is spoken .
anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . it is located at 268 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
the population of antioch california has a total of 102372 and the total area is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . the area code is 925 and the utc offset is - 7 .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code is 609 and the leader is the mayor . the total area is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama , part of lee county , alabama , united states , is home to many asian americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the state of alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county and king county , washington in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . the largest city in texas is houston and the county seat is san marcos .
the chinese language is spoken in california where the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol . anaheim is part of california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the u . s . state of georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
houston is the largest city in texas where the english language is spoken . the state is part of the united states and the largest city is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the largest city is new york city . the country is the location of atlantic city which is a part of new jersey .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is president barack obama . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate in albuquerque , new mexico , united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is located in benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is lead by a mayor .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the language is english and where albany , georgia is located .
english is the language of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and angola , indiana is part of .
english is the language of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , in the united states .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and for 1 . fc union berlin . he is also part of the fsv zwickau club .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy . he plays for f . c . bari 1908 and is in the carrarese calcio club .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for both torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona . he has also managed ac lumezzane .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . they have 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who have their ground in blackpool . the leader of blackpool council is the conservative party ( uk ) .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for stockport county f . c . and is based at blackpool . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and is based at warton , fylde , lancashire . they played in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and play at bryning lane .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus f . c . and inter milan . he also plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they have 69618 members . they played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax nv . jong ajax is a tenant of the ground .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden , godenzonen . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca , which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , which was won by vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca , which is located in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , which is based in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy .
peter stoger is the manager of fc kolin and plays for both sk vorwarts steyr and fc admira wacker modling . he also plays for fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . its runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway named 18l / 36r with a length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway named 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan with a length of 2014 . 0 . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
the 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol which is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . the airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the state ' s capital is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . the airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority which is lead by stephen dilts . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the leader of the country is charles michel and the spoken language is german .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of antwerp which is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , where the kurdish languages are spoken .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the order of commelinids and is in the class monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house in london . it broadcasts bananaman and uses bbc radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983 .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the ram rebellion by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published in the uk by lippincott , williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . the leader of the uk is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number of 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 . it is available in hardcover .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in hardcover . it has the oclc number of 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has 560 pages and the isbn number is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) is part of the academic discipline of math . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is academically focused on paleobiology and has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . it has the lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . . it has the issn number of 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number of 60040714 .
cornell university , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 by the johns hopkins university press in the united states , whose parent company is johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the language spoken is english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is the language and barack obama is the leader . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the asian americans .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and joined nasa in 1963 where he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman . chris patten is a representative of british hong kong .
buzz aldrin , now retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and joined nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin ( born edwin eugene aldrin jr ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 and won 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california where alan shepard , who died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders served as a fighter pilot before joining nasa in 1963 where he became a member of the apollo 8 crew .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the director of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is dr g p prabhukumar . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is run by a magistrate . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leaders are the parliament of catalonia and spaniards .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak is an ethnic group from sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and club sandwich . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin , is a dish from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish comes from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong , france , the united states and china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska , which hails from hong kong and is from the united states .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . one of the ingredients is fruit preserves .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are the main ingredients in bakso which is popular all over indonesia and southeastern asian countries .
bakso is a food found in indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . it comes from the paisa region and is part of colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor comes from the country of indonesia and is a variation of the siomay and shumai dishes . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
halimah yacob is a leader in singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which are found in the region of karnataka , india . the dish contains vegetables .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato ( part of the flowering plant order solanales ) .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . it contains coconut milk and sago .
bionico , which contains granola , is a dessert found in the region of jalisco , mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert .
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia where the dish bakso is from . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java ( home of the baduy people ) . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
ilocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines , where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups . arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii in the 3 liga league . the manager of which is alexander nouri .
abel hernandez is in the hull city a . f . c . youth club and plays for penarol . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c .
the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva . abel hernandez plays for both central espanol and us citta di palermo .
giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo who play in the serie a league . abel hernandez is a member of the youthclub penarol and plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12 , 1986 and is 94 . 8024 kilograms in weight .
don sweeney is the general manager of the boston bruins and he is also the manager of the columbus blue jackets who are based in columbus , ohio . adam mcquaid , who played for the boston bruins , also played for the columbus blue jackets .
akeem ayers was born on the 10th of july in 1989 . he previously played for the st louis rams and the tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born on the 27th of september 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he previously played for houston texans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 27th of september 1987 . he previously played for the atlanta falcons and houston texans .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc and al - kharaitiyat sc . alaa abdul - zahra plays for amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc who have their ground at al khor . the manager of which is amar osim .
the manager of alaa abdul - zahra is amar osim and he plays for alkharaitiyat sc who have their ground at al khor .
alan martin is a footballer who was born on january 1st , 1989 . he currently plays for crewe alexandra f . c . and hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin was born on the 1st of january in 1989 . he is a member of the scotland under 21 football team and plays for crewe alexandra f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 . he is 185 cm tall and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on the 24th of february in 1989 . he plays for fc spartak moscow and previously for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni . he has a height of 178 . 0 centimetres .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada . he played for anyang hanna and his birth date is 05 / 09 / 1989 .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and is 1 . 9304 metres tall . he plays for anyang hanna .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the national anthem is o canada , the language is inuktitut and the leader is elizabeth ii .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the country ' s anthem is o canada , the leader is elizabeth ii and one of the ethnic groups is asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the national anthem is o canada . the country uses the slavey language .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny who have their ground in grozny and are managed by rashid rakhimov . he also plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who have aleksandr tukmanov as their manager and are in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
akeem dent , who played for the atlanta falcons , previously played for the houston texans , who are located in houston , texas .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and manages the youth club penarol . he also plays for the uruguayan primera division . steve bruce is the manager of hull city afc .
the orbital period of 1925 kw8 is 8788850000 . 0 . its periapsis is 6155910000000 . 0 , its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 and its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the orbital period of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 360 days . it was discovered in 2013 and has an escape velocity of 0 . 999 ( kilometre per second ) . its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the mean temperature of 66063 1998 ro1 is 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) . its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and its orbital period is 360 . 29 days . it was discovered on nov 4 , 2013 .
the orbital period of 1000 piazzia is 488160 . 0 days . it is located at 352497000000 . 0 and has a velocity of 0 . 0252 ( kilometre per second ) .
the former name of 1001 gaussia was " 1923 oaa907 xc " and it was discovered in 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
walter baade was born in the german empire and graduated from the university of gottingen with allan sandage as his doctoral student . he is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf . he is the discoverer of 1036 ganymed and his doctoral student was halton arp .
walter baade , who died in west germany , was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed and his doctoral student was halton arp .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera and died of peritonitis .
103 hera is located in 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and was discovered by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson was a canadian who died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
n r pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he is the discoverer of 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
n r pogson , who died in chennai , was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla in 2001 - 03 .
1089 tama , formerly known as a904 va , has an orbit period of 1202 . 846 days and its name is from 2005 - 11 - 26 . its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 .
1089 tama is in apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . it was discovered on 2005 - 11 - 26 and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1097 vitia is located at 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) from the apoapsis and has a mass of 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) . it is in the 135589000 . 0 period .
109 felicitas , with a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was published on 12 / 31 / 2006 .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 . it was discovered in 2015 - 06 - 27 and has the name a900 ga .
1101 clematis , with an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometre per second ) . it was discovered in 2006 .
the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 183309000 . 0 . it was formerly known as 1928 sj and is located at 445895000000 . 0 periapsis .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 ( kilometre per second ) . its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 and its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
1955 dodge has a v8 engine and a 120 . 0 ( inches ) wheelbase . it was manufactured by dodge .
desoto firedome is a successor to desoto custom , manufactured by desoto ( automobile ) . desoto custom is related to the mean of transportation of 1955 dodge .
aida cruises , which is owned by costa crociere , is the operator of aida cruises , which was built by meyer werft in rostock .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which was built by meyer werft and is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) long . it is owned by costa crociere .
the american locomotive company built alco rs - 3 which was built from may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine is a v12 engine and the transmission is a diesel - electric .
the american locomotive company is the builder of alco rs - 3 , which has a v12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . it was built between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the american locomotive company , founded in schenectady , new york , is the builder of alco rs - 3 , which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
montreal locomotive works is the builder of alco rs - 3 which was built between may 1950 and august 1956 . the engine is a v12 and the transmission is a diesel - electric .
montreal locomotive works is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine . it was built between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the amc matador , also known as american motors matador , is made in mexico city and has the engine of the amc v8 engine . it has the body style of a station wagon .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , is made in kenosha , wisconsin and has the amc straight - 6 engine .
marysville , ohio is the location of the assembly of the acura tlx . the tlx is front - wheel driven and all - wheel drive and has a honda k engine .
marysville auto plant assembles the acura tlx which has a v6 engine and is classed as a luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , a 21 . 2 beam , was built by arctech helsinki shipyard and is in service .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built in helsinki , finland . the leader of finland is juha sipila and the people are known as finns .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built by arctech helsinki shipyard and helsinki . it is currently in service and has a beam of 21 . 2 .
the straight - four engine alfa romeo 164 , which has the engine of straight - four and the transportation of the mean of transportation saab 9000 , was assembled in italy .
the v6 engine in the alfa romeo 164 , which is made in italy and assembly in italy , has a mean of transportation that is similar to that of the saab 9000 .
alhambra , with a length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was launched on 1855 - 05 - 31 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3 m .
rover company is the successor company to alvis speed 25 which was manufactured by alvis car and engineering company . the company was founded in coventry . its engine is petrol .
the straight - six engine alvis speed 25 was made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and is the successor of the rover company .
eagle ( automobile ) is the successor to the american motors amc matador , manufactured by american motors , has key person roy d chapin jr .
the american submarine nr - 1 , built by general dynamics electric boat , has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a beam of 3 . 8 metres . it was launched on 1969 - 01 - 25 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched in 1969 and has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a beam of 3 . 8 m .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares , a rocket that was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport on the 28th of april 2013 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares , a rocket that was launched on the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad on the 21st of april 2013 and has a final flight on the 18th of september 2013 .
the capital of the united kingdom is london and is where the assembly of aston martin v8 , a successor to aston martin viraage , was done .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom and has the engine of 5 . 3 ( litres ) and the rham / 1 as a related mean of transportation .
the successor of the aston martin v8 is the aston martin virage which has a 5 . 3 ( litres ) engine .
atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and a final flight from 2002 - 12 - 05 , was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
the audi a1 , which has a 1 . 2 ( litres ) engine , is a supermini and is assembled in audi brussels .
the audi a1 was made by audi , which was founded by august horch . it is a subsidiary of ducati and a member of the audi e - tron division .
caterpillar inc . is located in illinois and was founded in california . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and has the power type of caterpillar inc .
aid astella is owned by costa crociere in genoa . it was built by meyer werft and is operated by aida cruises .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii which was launched from cape canaveral air force station in the united states .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex at cape canaveral . the origin of delta ii is the united states .
alfa romeo 164 is in the sedan body style and is made in italy . it was assembled in italy and has the mean of transportation , opel vectra .
alfa romeo 164 is an automobile based alfa romeo . it was assembled in milan and has the mean of transportation of opel vectra .
the parent company of general dynamics electric boat is general dynamics . they are located in groton , connecticut and build the american submarine nr - 1 which has a 3 . 8 m beam .
stanislaw tillich is a leader in germany where a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington dc and english is the language spoken . the atlas ii is from the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the inhabitants are known as americans and the capital city is washington d . c .
aaron bertram is associated with the genre of ska punk . he is the member of the band suburban legends and the band associated with the genre , kids imagine nation . brian robertson is a trombonist in the band .
aaron deer , a solo singer , originates from indianapolis , indiana . it is a genre of psychedelia .
aaron turner is associated with the isis ( band ) and sumac ( band ) and is in the genre of electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight and the band old man gloom . he has been associated with the genre post - metal and has been active since 1995 .
aaron turner is associated with the band sumac and plays the electric guitar . he is a member of the genre of black metal and is in the genre of death metal .
ace wilder was born on 23 july 1982 in stockholm . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden on 23 july 1982 . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder ( born in 1982 in stockholm ) is a solo singer .
ace wilder , born in sweden in 1982 , is a solo singer .
ahmet ertegun is from washington , d . c . and was born in the united states . he is a rhythm and blues artist .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the origin of the character ahmet ertegun can be found . the genre of rock and roll comes from blues music .
albennie jones originates from the genre of rhythm and blues . it was published in 1950 and is disco - based .
the birth place of albennie jones is the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . the genre of albennie jones comes from the blues .
aleksandra kovac , born in 1972 in belgrade , is a singer in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 in the socialist republic of serbia . she is a solo singer .
chameleon circuit ( band ) and acoustic musician alex day have been associated since 2006 .
chameleon circuit ( band ) and alex day are both associated with electronic music . alex day has been active since 2006 and has charlie mcdonnell as an associated musician .
alfred goddard jones was born in england in 1872 . he died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . montevideo is lead by daniel martinez and is inhabited by uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa , born in uruguay , is a solo singer . his background is candombe . his record label is rca records .
alison o ' donnell is a folk musician who is associated with bajik and has been associated with flibbertigibbet since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a folk musician who is associated with mellow candle and has been associated with head south by weaving since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer who has been recorded by deram records ( located in london ) and floating world records ( located in london ) .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer who has been recorded by deram records , fruits de mer records and is located in london .
acoustic music singer allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell .
allen forrest , born in 1981 in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al , is a hip hop artist .
marry banilow is an associated member of the band the marry banilow . they are associated with the genre of alternative rock , which is a fusion of punk rock and nu metal .
anders osborne is associated with both the rock genre and the tab benoit and billy iuso bands . he is also associated with the galactic music genre .
anders osborne has a record label called shanachie records and alligator records which is located in chicago .
singing singer andra , who was born in romania , is a dance - pop singer .
andra ' s ( singer ) genre is rhythm and blues . it is also related to disco and funk .
christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn are both associated with the genre of trance music . andrew rayel is a member of the associated band of christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn and has been active since 2009 .
jwaydan moyine and christian burns are both associated with the genre of trance music . andrew rayel is associated with the genre of house music .
andrew white is a member of the band kaiser chiefs and has been associated with marry banilow . he has been associated with the band marry banilow since 2003 and performs in the genre of alternative rock .
andrew white is a musician who is associated with the kaiser chiefs and marry banilow . he has been associated with universal records ( defunct record label ) since 2003 .
agustin barboza died in paraguay where the leader is juan afara . asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with the wildweeds and performs in the country music genre . the band is also associated with nrbq and uses the banjo as an instrument .
the disco style of hip hop music , which is a derivative of drum and bass , is stylised by allen forrest , who is a member of the disco genre .
alfred garwick jones was born in england and died in manchester ( part of greater manchester ) where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
aaron turner is associated with the house of low culture and is associated with the band twilight . he is the composer of post - metal and the instrument of cello .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight ( band ) and plays the electric guitar . he is also in the genre of black metal , which is associated with death metal .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albennie jones was born . albennie jones , a blues writer , was published in the united states .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the american civil war . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of the wilderness . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury .
ab klink was born in the netherlands . he attended the erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with the association of mbas . he then worked at the ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . he is part of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and lives in asajaya .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and lives in asajaya .
adenan satem ( born in japanese occupation of british borneo ) is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who lives in sarawak and is part of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party .
adenan satem ( born in japanese occupation of british borneo ) is the successor of abdul taib mahmud , who lives in sarawak and is part of the party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
oladipo diya was the successor of mike achigbe who was vice president while abdulsalami abubakar was serving as a member of the military branch of the nigerian army .
the nigerian air force is the military branch of the abdulsalami abubakar , who is the vice president . oladipo diya was the previous vice president and he was succeeded by al amin daggash .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is in office while juan carlos i of spain is prime minister and felipe gonzalez is in office .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he was a member of the spanish socialist workers party and worked at the ministry of transport .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where abraham a ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . his wife is casey ribicoff .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from the magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 - 05 . he has fought in the gulf war .
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war . joseph stalin was the commander of that war .
adam koc died in new york city . he fought in the polish - soviet war which was a part of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was vice president of new democracy and was succeeded by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked for the ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) and is the successor of makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was a member of the hellenic parliament , and successor to makis voridis .
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where the dutch agnes kant comes from . the leader of the socialist party of the netherlands is emile roemer .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the country is home to the dutch agnes kant . she is a member of the socialist party and has worked at the house of representatives .
mark rutte is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) where emile roemer is a member of the party . agnes kant is a dutch national .
agnes kant is a dutch national led by the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer and the red colour is associated with the party .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in battle at the battle of france in 1953 - 06 - 30 . his active years ended in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in battle at battle of france in 1974 - 03 - 04 . he is now retired and his active years ended in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave , a member of the royal artillery , fought in world war ii . his commander was chiang kai shek and he also fought in world war i .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , ohio and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m . o dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was active from 1901 - 03 - 04 to 1903 - 04 . he was succeeded by william m . o dawson .
the commander of the american civil war was abraham lincoln and the american civil war was fought at albert jennings fountain in new york where the french language is spoken .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he fought in the american civil war under jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico territory , united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where alberto teisaire was in office while president juan peron was in office . teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and was appointed provisional president of the argentine senate . isaac rojas was his successor .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was appointed by the governor of north carolina . he was a student at the university of north carolina .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the u . s . army who fought in the whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips ( born in connecticut ) was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) . albert e . austin was his successor .
albert e austin was mayor of stamford , connecticut where alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and is the successor of albert e austin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was appointed as the governor of texas . price daniel was his successor .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . he served as a member of the governor of texas and is the successor of wilfred cousins , jr .
alvah sabin is from the state of vermont , which has the largest city of burlington and is the location of the 3rd congressional district . sabin was also the secretary of state of vermont .
the leader of the whig party ( united states ) is daniel webster . the party is part of the vermont region where the largest city is burlington .
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart . he has fought in the battle of gettysburg which is part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee .
alberto teisaire , who is originally from argentina , is in office while president of the labour party of argentina .
the successor of alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was isaac rojas , and he was in office while president .
