abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has the number 18 .
the fifth runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport owner is andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch is a language spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
danes are the people who live in denmark .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is a language spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is known as the prime minister .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
there are 814 rooms in the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the architecture of asilomar conference grounds is that of the " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
construction of asilomar conference grounds , 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
indian people inhabit india .
the los angeles herald examiner building is one of julia morgan ' s significant buildings .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 the ram rebellion is available in print .
aids ( journal ) was published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in the english language .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is written in the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics is part of the academic discipline of mathematics .
the novel castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is published in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance preceded weymouth sands .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is in gubbio .
the a . s . gubbio 1910 club has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played the 2014 - 15 season in the football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is in the umbria region .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
sportpark de toekomst is tenanted by jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
mendrisio is neighbored by the municipality of meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is a united states national .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
the gemstone of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is dead .
the character , april o ' neal , was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski ' s full name is bibbo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is also known as black pirate .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is called the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california is in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient of a blt .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco .
chicken is in the class of birds .
the indian rupee is the currency in india .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
spanish is a language spoken in new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group from sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
aaron s . daggett has been awarded the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in the netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office while the vice president was tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is part of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib is the successor of abdul taib mahmoud .
abdulsalami abubakar has been active since 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the state of niger .
abner w sibal has been active since 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway resides in gravesend .
adenan satem was a student at the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is in office while the prime minister is antonis samaras .
the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping is the office ( workedat , workedas ) of adonis georgiadis .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave is in the active years of 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave has been awarded the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave has a military rank of lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was started in 1935 .
albert b . white is a republican party member .
albert b . white ' s spouse is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is a military branch of the union army .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was active from 1875 - 03 - 04 to 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales fought at the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers has been active since 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
price daniel was the successor of allan shivers .
alvah sabin was active from 1853 - 03 - 04 to 1853 - 03 - 04 .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party ( united states ) .
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war .
the language of austria is austrian german .
robert e . lee was the commander of battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor is a part of the american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
colin powell is the commander of the gulf war .
john f kennedy was a predecessor of dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus attended the university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain was preceded by francisco franco .
juan peron is a member of the labour party ( argentina ) .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
william m . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .
the engine of 1955 dodge is 230 ( cubic inches ) .
a - rosa luna was christened on 2005 - 04 - 07 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aida cruises is the operator of aidaluna .
aid astella ' s christening date was 2013 - 03 - 16 .
aid astella was completed on 2013 - 03 - 11 .
aid astella ' s maiden voyage was in 2013 .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella .
alv x - 1 was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
the amc matador ' s alternative name is american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe ' s engine is a straight - four .
acura tlx ' s engine is the honda k engine .
the layout of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
acura tlx is related to mean of transportation , the honda accord .
the transmission of acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is arese .
alfa romeo 164 is related to mean of transportation , lancia thema .
the transmission of alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
the builder of alhambra was samuda brothers .
the ship beam of alhambra is 8 . 3 m .
the status of alhambra is " wrecked " .
the top speed of alhambra is 18 . 52 .
alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
the start year of alvis speed 25 is 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 ' s ship draft is 4 . 6 m .
the final flight of antares ( rocket ) was 2014 - 10 - 28 .
the launch site of antares ( rocket ) is mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 was launched from guiana space centre .
ariane 5 ' s maiden flight was on the 11th of august 2005 .
the body style of aston martin v8 is convertible .
aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin v8 .
aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin virage .
the final flight of atlas ii was on 16th march 1998 .
atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
the audi a1 is assembled in brussels .
the mean of transportation of an audi a1 is seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
desoto custom is related to mean of transportation .
alfa romeo 164 is a mean of transportation used by fiat cora .
germans inhabit germany .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is a leader in germany .
giovanni bertone founded gruppo bertone .
the guiana space centre ' s headquarter is in kourou , french guiana .
the honda k engine was manufactured by honda .
the star - spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent played for atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
basim qasim manages al - zawra ' a sc .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academic f . c .
alan martin plays for the scotland national under 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . has a height of 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays in the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
the youth club of alessio romagnoli is a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is the name of the city of atlanta falcons .
the general manager of the boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is in hungary .
english is the language spoken in canada .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets play in columbus , ohio .
oleh lukshny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the finnish language is spoken in finland .
the coach of the italy national under 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
motherwell f . c . ground is fir park .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams is located in st . louis .
the tennessee titans are located in nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram has been active since 1998 .
aaron deer is the associated band / associated musician of the horns of happiness .
kill rock stars is the label of aaron deer .
aaron turner ' s genre is avant - garde metal .
aaron turner ' s genre is progressive metal .
abradab is a solo singer .
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is hip hop music .
agustin barboza writes in guarania .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frock is a rock musician .
albennie jones is associated with the musical artist sammy price .
aleksandra kovac ' s background is solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues author .
aleksandra kovac is a genre of soul music .
alex day is a synthpop genre .
hector numa mesa is the associated band / associated musician of alfredo zitarrosa .
the birth place of alfredo zitarrosa is montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
the record label of alfredo zitarrosa is rca records .
alison o ' donnell has been active since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz .
alison o ' donnell uses the instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born on the 4th of january 1981 .
allen forrest ' s genre is pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the associated band / associated musician of anders osborne is johnny sansone .
anders osborne belongs to the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne has a record label called alligator records .
the genre of andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel has been active since 2009 .
the associated band / associated musician of andrew rayel is christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white ( musician ) is associated with marry banilow .
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label called b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns uses a guitar .
hip hop is a subgenre of gangsta rap .
hip hop music is stylistic in origin .
indie rock was influenced by new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
rca records is distributing the sony music entertainment .
blues is the origin of rock and roll .
synthpop was influenced by pop music .
the demonym for natives of the united kingdom is british people .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
the discoverer of 1950 da was carl a . wirtanen .
the absolute magnitude of 410777 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
the apoapsis of 410777 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 .
the apoapsis of 66063 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1000 piazzia is located at 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) from the escape velocity .
the former name of 1001 gaussia was " 1923 oaa907 xc " .
the maximum temperature of 1001 georgia is 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena is in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
1036 ganymed ' s average speed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
103 hera is 7 . 66 magnitude .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
7 . 08 is the absolute magnitude of 107 camilla .
a . storrs was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
1089 tama ' s former name was a894 va ; a904 vd .
1089 tama is in the orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 kilometres per second .
1097 vicia is in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the rotation period of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 .
109 felicitas was discovered by christian heinrich peters .
the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
10 hygiea ' s average speed is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was born on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson went to the university of michigan .
n r pogson was born in nottingham .
